Began my sophmore year of high school- The school year began simple enough. The only class I was worried about was Earth Science. I had taken the lower level class because Chemistry was not something I enjoyed. I walked into the classroom and noticed two things. 1. I had no friends in that class. 2. It was a collection of the dumbest people I had grown up with throughout elementary and middle school. My only response to all this was NOPE. Promptly after class ended I went to the counselors office to change my schedule. In the end I got switched into Chemistry, and while I did have friends in the class and it wasn't full of idiots. I have never had a worse teacher in my life. It's the kind of teacher that makes you cringe when anything remotely related to the subject comes up outside of school. She made me hate Chemistry so much when I have a feeling I could have grown to love it.
She declutters and makes piles for me to unpile and reclutter every week. I cant believe those three words arent words (declutter, unpile, reclutter)! Hold on while I call Danny Webster and give him some whatfor while I pound my fist and knock over more change.
There is also the fact that what you write one day will never be the same thing you will write about the next day. Our perceptions about the meaning of life, or whatever, are constantly changing. Knowing this, I think, is why Im such a fanatic journal keeper.
Then I took the YR02 again and blended in circles with the side of my brush tip just as I did with the first petal, with the same amount of time and effort. Now you can see a big different between the two petals - the first still has harsh lines and the second has a smooth blend.
You see Juan, I saw a young black male rob Meijers. He had on hip-hop style clothing and sneakers. Nikes.
Crime and Delinquency Council Issues Annual Media Awards
46. I am not familiar with the exact constitution of the Tarot pack of
the bashing, the suicide, the depression,
I'll be posting some photos taken last week during the installation process for Landscape Futures: Instruments, Devices and Architectural Inventions, at the Nevada Museum of Art in Reno. The exhibition opens this Saturday, August 13, and will be up until February 12, 2012.
In April 1970, Newhouse News Service reported that Richard Nixon had commissioned RAND to study the feasibility of canceling the 1972 election. RAND denied it and reviewed its recent work for possible sources of the story. They said that the review was fruitless.
"Therefore, since we have been justified through faith (not religion or good works), we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have gained access by faith into this grace in which we now stand.
8 months ago, it was the exact opposite.
The one glance you stole
So, we decided to participate in this effort. We made a video to show how easy (and fun) it is make a batch of cookies to donate.
And let's not kid ourselves. Everything we've read has told us that this road to becoming a novelist will be one of the longest, emotionally-scarring, soul-crushing experiences there is. Which means to anyone watching, this is probably going to HIGH-larious.
Were born, and die soon, within a
See you tomorrow, Lord willing!
On May 28, 1983, INXS performed at the US Music Festival in California sponsored by UNUSON Corporation (Unite us in Song) developed by the other founder of Apple Computers, Steve Wozniak.
Thanks for popping by!
Round 5:
Troy: I recommend the site XXXChurch.com. Parents get nave and think, This will not happen to my kid. But we have to approach porn by going on the defensive and saying, Hey, this very well could happen to my kid. Youve got to be real. Every guy is going to struggle with porn. We have to be vocal about it. The effectiveness of porn comes from the secrecy. When we keep it a secret, it continues to be a cancer.
My mistress eyes are nothing like the sun;
Theres a psychic substance once an old man of Kabbala told his cat
This wasnt exactly what I had hoped meditation would provide for me!
I hope that you will stick around for a while as I have many exciting recipes for you to try! Gluten Free doesnt have to be difficult, and it doesnt always have to come pre-packaged. We can all have the same foods as long as we hit it with a little Gluten Free magic. Gluten Free tastes GOOD.and I am willing to bet you on that!
This novel is about a young girl, Caroline Meeber, who comes to Chicago to make her way. After a brief stint trying to work for a living, she drifts into becoming first one mans mistress, then anothers, slowly rising in wealth, if not status, as she does so. When Carries second lover, Hurstwood, commits a crime and is ruined, she eventually leaves him to become a successful actress. The story contrasts her rise with Hurstwoods fall, and their unexpected trajectories in society.
sUAS Newsnotes that the purpose of this new approach is to develop non-lethal warhead which will be deployed on miniature precision munitions such as Lethal Miniature Aerial Munition System (LMAMS). LMAMS is a small, soldier-carried, soldier-launched loitering precision munitions system which is organic at the small unit level. LMAMS aim to offer soldiers a portable, non-line-of-sight precision strike capability against stationary or moving individuals. With LMAMS, soldiers will have a system capable of achieving high precision effect from covert positions, with a low risk of collateral damage.
I also noticed that the Bonvita rice milk chocolate soaked into the biscuits because it was quite thin so then I melted some Tropical Source chocolate chips (not soy free) and I put that between a few biscuits. It was much thicker and more visible in between the biscuits, probably because they contain soy flour.
Heres my take on the three workouts. Bobs 20-minute workout stands on its own. Its fun to do, and is great for lifting your mood. The next workout is a 10-minute segment with Jillian, using a lot of the same moves from her 30 Day Shred. It is a great addition to the first one for an added challenge. The third workout is with Ajay Rochester and is also 10 minutes long. I find this one boring and not as challenging as the others. Being that its the third workout, I guess I thought it would be really hard, but its not. It requires less movement than the other two, and is a lot more repetitive. That said, beginners might like it.
Never would I have thought that shopping for a fish and getting it home would be like getting the ring back to Mordor.
The Romney campaign, which had been angered by an Obama campaign ad featuring Bill Clinton and questioning whether Romney would have given the order to kill bin Laden, was cautious about taking Obama to task for the Afghan trip because of the tradition of refraining from political attacks when a president is abroad.
Every scene in which the character appears is another length of the thread for that character, and for the story to flow, the different pieces of thread had better connect. If they don't, the story can break down.
Jewett echoes Thompson in the acknowledgement that women have been demeaned in the church, relegated to a secondary or human-not-quite-human status in relation to men (119). Since God has revealed himself in masculine language through the biblical authors, and since theologians have followed that tradition in referring to God, Jewett argues that it is appropriate to use masculine language, especially the masculine pronoun he, to refer to God (123).
She had never known
Hannah nodded, and Kathy brushed her hand across her cheek.
Denied! Most men in Virginia City wore something Dickens would have worn. Mr. Stetson didn't sell his first hat until 1865, a few years after my books are set. Mark Twain, (my vocabulary source for 1862), describes himself as arriving in Virginia City with a slouch hat, a soft felt hat usually of brown or black. That's the type of hat my character is wearing on the front cover of my book. So in my books my male characters wear plug hats, stovepipe hats or slouch hats. And my women are almost universally in bonnets. The dude on the black and white carte de visite up above is Tom Peasley, a famous Virginia City Sheriff from 1866.
Upland - Komodo Dragonfly Black IPA, Bloomington
Sadly, I know his pink time is limited. Because Ive watched the world constrict for my older two as theyve grown, even from the haven of our open-minded unschooling homeschool. Ive watched how at a certain age, my children start noticing sideways glances and embarrassed giggles from relatives and friends when they announce their favorite color, or show off the lipstick theyve happily applied to their lips. They start to see the raised eyebrows from store employees when they run joyfully down the pink toy aisle. They start to hear the whispered comments. And so, when some other, slightly older and significantly more jaded male child looks down his nose at them and sniffs with utter contempt, You dont like PINK, do you? PINK is for GIRLS Well, when that happens, they are primed and that is the moment when their world shrinks.
In college, I rather quickly realized that life as a vet wouldn't be for me (thank you, Calculus 101, for so unapologetically pointing that out!) and then spent several semesters trying out a variety of academic majors. Ironically, I eventually landed in the humanities and found myself considering an English major. But Mr. Shakespeare's potential to tank my GPA still terrified me, so I avoided him by choosing a general "Humanistic Studies" degree instead of the more specific English major just so I could skip his eponymous class.
A cattleman thats who. Someone Ive known since he was 6. His father, also a rancher was and is a friend. His classmates at Harvard called him a cow farmer. They were rather surprised when the profs picked him as their assistant, telling him as a Montanan, he was there for the bottom of the curve. All that was 25 years ago but bicoastal arrogance hasnt changed about flyover country as far as I can tell.
I love all the transformations. Believix is really cool because watching all the Winx transform, they look so happy. Considering that Believix is people's faith in them, and that as graduated fairies with immense power within them and being guardians of the world, no wonder they look utterly content! I love the hearts on Bloom's outfit, Flora's outfit screams 'nature girl', I love the colours of Stella's clothes, Techna looks more girly (which I like - wasn't all that fond of her outfit in season 1), Layla is Layla, Musa...I'm not overly fond of her outfit. And there's the plait which just looks a bit weird sometimes. (I realise I haven't gone into the different powers of Believix, or Lovix or Sophix, that will have to be for another time)
I hope your Easter holiday was filled with love and fun! I look forward to seeing your creations this week!
The foreshadowing vocabulary of a sliding frame here lets iron link with shirt and under and fit and fitted, under also with up and over, bone with the un(der)stated hair suggested later in the image of an anchorite, as bent on recalls the sense of fit to finish even as it also fits the iron a smith might forge upon. That bone / shirt Im bent on can only be the body and yet  and yet.
* Kids now have to be 12, not 10, at local pool (w/ lifeguard) without parent. That wouldve kept me inside 2 more yrs. http://bit.ly/cvVNuM
with their passionate warmth
Some one had posted in one of the communites I watch on Live Journal a picture of a Rose, and I was inspired to pull one of the Roses I have on my Flickr.
"Spi... sp... " I closed my mouth and swallowed a scream. "But there are so many!" I said.
(Auld Ayr, wham ne'er a town surpasses
Carrot and raspberry swirl cupcakes are relatively modest in appearance, if slightly oversized beneath their dollops of buttercream frosting (Mini cupcakes, about the size youd bake at home, are also available). But what Crumbs does really well is inventive and irresistible flavors. Reeses Peanut Butter, Fluffernutter, SMores and Banana Split are just a few of the 25+ options, many of which are topped with chunks of candy and drizzled in chocolate.
People are dying. The planet is dying. People and the planet start dying together, a harmony of death almost.
This list goes on.. but one thing remains the same.. in EACH instance.. a FLASH into high frequency was seen 1-2 days BEFORE the storms hit the places directly with tornadoes. Each time the above occurred.. this was documented.. screenshots taken, and videos released. Search my past videos to see all the previous reports:
Yep: FREE!
We tried everything... There was just too much damage that was done. I was spending more time sleeping alone in a separate room, than together... She and I never did anything together anymore, and trying to go somewhere together, usually lead to an argument in the car on the way. In almost every case, my resentment for her not supporting me in my transition could NOT be let go. In almost every case for her, my transition was something to use as a trump card to arguments.
Making compost is not rocket science but you do need to watch your green to brown ratio. The truth is, if you threw all the above into a heap in your backyard, it would eventually rot down, no matter what you did and you'd have compost. But we are actively working to increase the fertility of our gardens, so we want compost and we want it NOW. What ever you can do to speed up the process, do it. Turning the compost helps speed it up, so turn it over with a fork about once a week.
For all you gallerists out there: Dont run your website through Artnet. It loads incredibly slowly, and involves navigating through a lot of superfluous pages. Its better to have your own website and make it simple without a lot of useless flash animation. When I go to a gallery site, I want two things and I want them fast: Contact info and images of the artists work. I dont have time to be impressed by your webmasters tricks or the fact that you have enough money to waste it on being a part of artnet.
This month, I need 4 birthday cards, and two more Valentine's day cards which is why I chose to make a get well soon card. What?? I know, but it was all about me today!
I did fine the whole thing touching, in a heartbreaking sort of way, especially at how happy Sylvia seems when spending time with her neighbor compared to how stiff everything is when out with the teacher. But a 30 minute stretch in the middle where Sylvia and the teacher try painfully to have a conversation really took a lot out of me, often to the point where I found myself unable to concentrate. And while I did find some of it rather funny, (There is a scene at a Chinese restaurant where a waiter embarrasses the teacher that I couldnt help but laugh at.) most of it was as the title describes  bleak. Still, I couldnt help but feel an endless amount of sympathy for Sylvia as she continued to give and be loving of others while nothing went her way. 7.75/10
Until then, seek out some rhubarb and some Marjorie Standish and keep cooking the Maine way.
Swift is designed do not forget the road and climate conditions throughout India. Your efficient McPherson sway insides in the front helps increase handling and comfort point. The particular suspension product links the lower biceps and triceps of the suspension on the gearbox, steering, plus raise engine hanging to a insides figure.
In pursuit of control, Ryan Bingham dedicates his existence to his job as Career Transition Counselor, which demands his presence in a new city or state daily. This leaves behind prospects of family bonds and lasting friendships. Alas, he is a divorcee. To make up for his lack of consistent friendships and incapacity for expressing emotions, the always-unsteady Bingham creates Airworld, which exists far above a functioning society where humans have interpersonal relationships. For Bingham, his closest friends are stewardesses he sleeps with and businessmen who fly city-to-city at least a fraction of the amount he does. His obsessive goal, to be the tenth customer of Great West airlines to reach a million sky miles, is his first hint at insanity.
;and stop being a cryptoracist (if DPM actually is at all . . . by all accounts and non-MSM opinions he would appear so . . . ), allow ALL races to join UMNO, Id vote for UMNO without issue, the corruption and other issues would determine the pecking order in a new UMNO that has the 3 items in its constitution and the new leaders (DPM Muddy and PM Najib, are you up to this?) will be those who granted the above 3 items.
Now, I wish to sit here alone, fill my ears with pleasure, and sip my wine.
DJ Soko and Apollo Brown, both respectively of The Left connect with Detroit's Guilty Simpson and Rochester emcee extraordinaire and fellow Brown collaborator Hasaan Mackey..
What else did I want to write? I am almost done with the draft, editing the first draft, I've done vomiting the first draft, I keep on emailing Hedi at Semiotext(e) to ask for Semiotext(e) books! He's sending me this one! Bad of me. I can't help but want free books. Also I want this book from Essay Press! Has anyone read it?
Solar advocates admit this, and use Levelized Cost of Energy calculations to divide energy actually produced by all costs involved, over time and with a discount rate. While solar's over twice as expensive as coal now, the advocates project the cost differential to continue to diminish at the rate it has in the past, and to disappear in a decade.
What I loved so much about this book is how much she shared her heart. She was very open and that made this book come alive and makes it so much easier to apply. We all have read books on this or that, but if that's where it ends, then we have failed. Being filled with knowledge and tools is ok, but when we just let those tools sit in the toolbox and don't actually use them, those tools are worthless. They do nothing for us. But, when we physically pick up the tool and together use it to improve our life, that is valuable!
After Friday's parliamentary briefing, Pakistan's information minister said Lieut-Gen Pasha had told MPs he was ready to take responsibility for any criminal failing.
Sprinkle a teaspoon of sugar( this feeds the yeast) and 2-3 teaspoons of dry yeast over the liquid. when the yeast starts to bubble,( about 5-7 mins) carefully stir the mixture starting in the centre, and folding in the flour as you go.
I had to put the brakes on that thought rather quickly!!
Tired of feeling like I didnt measure up.
Me: Well, a little child rearing, a little home painting, a little (or a lot) laundry, a little photography, and a little sewing (believe it or not!). Actually, I'm so glad you asked ... serging is one of the things I have been doing a lot of lately. It is a sort of mindless labor -- feed the fabric through the machine, push the foot pedal, and cross my fingers that the thread doesn't break. (my industrial serger can be a little touchy sometimes and when the thread breaks -- it is a REAL pain to rethread. I wonder -- are all sergers such a pain to rethread?) Sometimes I also wonder what I did before I had a serger.....and then I remember --Oh yeah, stringy threads all over the place!
* Vocals have only one sound (always the same for each one), except for the U, that is not pronunciated in the following cases: que qui gue gui.
It may very well be the new trial of the Century! Remember the last one? We do.
I am haunted by this passage because my ranch stares across the Cheyenne River at Corral Draw.
Sift flour, baking soda, salt and baking powder.
Upon Keith taking in his surroundings he looked at Brown. The commissioner went to open his mouth to explain why we had be summoned, but he was cut off as his first word was formed by Keith.
I often derided the east coasts mountains and hardwood forests. The mountains are mere hills compared to the wests skyscraping escarpments and any forest that is completely naked in the winter must be inferior to evergreen cover. I still hesitate to call the local mountains as such, but Ive gained an appreciation for the hardwood forest in the autumn. The colors were absolutely amazing. I couldnt stop taking photos of the firey hillsides. Again and again, I was stopped short by the deep crimson, bright orange, and brilliant yellow leaves set against an azure sky.
Hare Rama Hare Rame, Rama Rama Hare Hare
Then we came across Charles Schwabs amazing offer: Unlimited ATM fee rebates apply to cash withdrawals using the Schwab Bank Visa Platinum check card wherever it is accepted. Could it be true?! I called. Yes, its true. No limits, no restrictions and no foreign transaction fees. Hallelujah! Now we just have to open the free account and take advantage of this great service (though let it be noted that the high yield interest rate on this checking account isnt all that high).
The real temple area  the Sanctuary  was for ritually pure priests and Levites. Nice music, prayer and sweet smelling incense for them only.
It takes me back to the Blitz, even though I wasn't there.
What a field of honorable toil is here! How limitless its opportunities for good! How worthy the life that uses them well! Such toil, such opportunities, and such honor open to the patient, conscientious and faithful student of medicine. May the after years of your lives my young friends, justify the hopes of the present hour, and along your sometimes weary students life may you never forget that success comes only of patient toil, and that patient toil never fails of success.
15/08 11:20 W High Jump Heptathlon
"We are completely self-sufficient and we don't get a cent from anywhere. That is why we can speak loudly and independently," he said. Cosatu gets its funding from membership fees, donations and investments.
There is no date of birth for Friedrich von Zwillingen, a son of Frickland, though the place of birth is recordedly Strates-Zygnyack and it is presumed that he was born in the Tidguri year of 10543 (he himself stated he was 48 when first coming to Jackewline). The Heers records indicate that he joined the army as a corporal in one of the volunteer border guard troops and fought against the Republic of Londion for at least four years, becoming a Sergeant. Then, already married to Annelise Helstedt, he presumably as a punishment for some sort of crime he committed  has been sent to the colonies in Malacha and later inwards to the frontier of the jungle and desert near the Hvaningenstelni-Malachian borders. He spent the majority of his years in service there. His first child was born in Neu-Klermant.
On Tuesday, January 4, 2012, President Obama knowingly and intentionally violated his Constitutional Oath to "preserve, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States" by appointing Richard Cordray Consumer Financial Protection Bureau without the required consent of the Senate.
08/06/2010 BUY 0.01 usdjpy 85.45 08/10/2010 85.93 +5.59
Like last week. While talking to a gastroenterologist's appointment nurse on the phone, I asked her where I should report. Upstairs, where my regular doc saw patients? No, I was to go downstairs. "Figures," I said. "In the bowels of the building." Nothing. (Tough audience.) So I apologized, and said she must hear that all the time. Nope. I was the first. See? Sick sense of humor.
Please join the Council of Brooklyn Neighborhoods for an inspection of the stalled project and to learn more about the call for a complete audit of public monies directed to the Atlantic Yards Development Project.
All locally grown or made in Lancaster County, PA:
Namaste.
Helping in the kitchen is the one thing I never have to force Summer to do. When she sees the cutting board come out she's right there with the knife in her hand prepared to chop...
Phoenix
Suz: "Umm, do I live in a house with 4 rough and tumble 2.5 year olds???!"
1/3 cup fat free milk
Andrew Brannon was born in London and grew interested in racing when at school in Chester, watching the action at the local course from the city walls. He has owned horses for six or seven years and was involved in the Highclere Thoroughbred Racing partnership that won the 2008 King George V Handicap at Royal Ascot with Colony. He and Weird Als co-owners could have an exciting day on Saturday as they are also set to be represented by the Donald McCain- trained Super Duty in the John Smiths Mersey Novices Hurdle. Their other horses with McCain include this seasons Grade One Finale Juvenile Hurdle winner Hollow Tree while Brannon additionally has a half-share in a horse with Tim Easterby and plans to get another inmate with Newmarket handler John Berry, from whom his hurdler Dr Darcey was recently claimed. Brannon is a chartered accountant and licensed insolvency practitioner who co-founded the LCL Group, a specialist provider of insurance and reinsurance services. He started the company with one of Weird Als co-owners, Philip Holden, a lawyer now based in Manchester. The third partner is Andrew Dick, who is also based in Manchester and co-founded Begbies Taylor, Britains biggest independent corporate rescue and recovery specialists. They named their John Smiths Grand National contender after Weird Al Yankovic, the American singer famous for parodying other peoples songs. The connection came from the fact that Yankovic is a good accordion player and Weird Al is by the stallion Accordion.
After months of anticipation and refreshing the trailer on YouTube, finally on November 21st, 2008, she sat (in the best seats) at midnight, awaiting to see the book she loved come to life.
"It is as it is," said William.
Special dispensation.
meet my little coin purses.......
The referral arises from Solvay v Honeywell Fluorine Products Europe (Case No. 09-2275). It concerns Solvay's patent for a method of preparing 1,1,1,3,3-pentafluoropropane, in force in a number of countries. Solvay alleges that its patents to this method are infringed in several countries by three Honeywell companies. Two of these companies are Dutch and one is Belgian.
In an email to me concerning this, my friend Rees Lloyd said,
NOVEMBER 1994
"The day before Karla died, we had a family get together to celebrate our daughter Avery's 13th birthday. Our daughters Avery and Abby, Karla and Beth and their parents got together at the Wesley Willows retirement center. Coincidentally, we also had scheduled a family performance for Palm Sunday in the chapel at Wesley Willows. Now, being a part of the Johnson family was a bit like being drafted on as a journeyman for a traveling roadshow. Frank and Miriam and their daughters have been performing as part of their family ministry at churches and community centers since Beth, my wife and Karla were little children themselves. And from day one, I've sensed that one of the prerequisites for marrying Beth, was that I could play an instrument and wasn't too shy to get up on stage and perform with the group. Within a few weeks of being married, I was drafted into this little band of troubadours doing musical performances, Christian magic and biblical narrations. But throughout our marriage, now 16 years, the member of the act who was always missing was Karla. I would hear about days gone by, when Karla would perform, but by the time Beth and I were married, Karla had "left the band" as it were, and although everyone was very kind to me, I always felt a little bit like I was just a place holder for the real McCoy.
Then sit/stand back and sip coffee. Sure they'll all start eating, drinking and rooster will be doing his thang to the ladies, (urgh!) but sooner or later one of those girls will crave a bit of egg laying.
I stand on my feet the whole time Im at work. The word seat is not in our vocabulary. Therefore, when my current work shoes died I needed to replace them with something hardy, comfortable and not too expensive as I plan to leave retail for the corporate world one of these days.
If you see the big bang as a big GOOD, and if you want to move beyond inner peace to outer enlightenment, this book will be a good guide book for your new evolution.
PS. We introduced our new friends to the epic Messiah tradition of Ninja Warrior. They really liked it and i'm pretty sure it's the first game they've played all week that didn't involve intoxication.
Butterfly: It is warm, it is dark, and it is safe but it is very cramped.
This year we have our first Kandell Christmas Party. Usually the only time everyone is all together on Eric's side of the family is the 4th of July in Ohio.
John would have wondered, had he been thinking clearly, how someone of Caseys soft, generously proportioned flash could move with such speed and elegance. John wasnt thinking clearly. John was not thinking. At all.
I hope I still have some readers left.
So although it may not fit in with the rest of the decor it can be used, and is a nice place to sit, despite being two different chairs merged into one monster, my wife has said she may cover it and give it a spruce up.
Have a warm, happy, thankful day.
Kristallnacht (The Night of Broken Glass)
Mouskouri married Yorgos (George) Petsilas in 1961. Mouskouri and Petsilas had two children, a son, Nicolas, born on 13 February 1968 and a daughter, Hlne, nicknamed Lnou, born on 6 July 1970. In 1974, Mouskouri and Petsilas separated and in 1975 were officially divorced.
1/3 C. barbecue sauce
It just may help you save a life.
Today I am linking up with these great blogs, check them out and enjoy!
It was a hell of a breakfast: Two bacon, two sausages, two eggs, beans, grilled tomatoes, black pudding, mushrooms, a fried slice and a mug of tea, coffee or grapefruit juice all included in the price of my penthouse suite at the B&B.
Don't forget our terrific sponsor this month
(United Nations)
3. My glasses broke, and I Gorilla Glued them back together
This guy is so ready to be 5. Big things happen when you're 5. Like you get to be big like your brother. You get to go to school in the fall (When is fall again????). You get to pick 5 candies instead of 4. Unfortunately, you also have to eat 5 bites of your dinner instead of 4 (he didn't see that one coming...he he he)
Time for the tofu to join the party. Cut the tofu into 2.5cm/1" cubes and tumble them merrily through the marinade. Leave it for 15 minutes.
So, without further ado, lets find out whats going on within that big brain of Carries (brains, brains, BRAINS! Sorry, had to put that last one in).
As not only a fan of Japanese animation and comics, I also have a profound interest in Japanese history so I certainly love a good series that takes place in a time when samurais roam the streets of an impressive city then called Edo. Of course, this means I have seen my share of anime and read more than enough manga titles that take place in this fascinating period so imagine my complete delight when I heard that NIS America was bringing the anime version of Natsume Onos critically-acclaimed manga. Oh yeah, the Premium Edition of the Complete Series of House of Five Leaves is everything a fan of the series could ask for and one that shouldnt be missed.
Oh how the moon shines on
Ideal by whose standards? My ideal isnt a big empty building, its an org packed with people, alive, excited, inspired. Thats the way I remember Orgs when I first got into Scientology in the late 1960s. We didnt have fancy buildings. The old LA Org was a two-story house. The offices were cramped, the courserooms had bare concrete walls. But the place was electric.
All the time hed been sitting there he wasnt so much interested in watching me but he was counting the number of glasses I had consumed!!
Also catching the attention of the anti corruption agency is the
HW  Joel Theriault (1-0) def. Shawn Pauliak (0-5) via KO (punches) at 0:21 of Round 1.
ELECTRIC CAR/MODEL: Tesla/Roadster
Finished - 2 (pouches)
I met this wonderful weaver family Goverdhan and Sujatha, who are weaving the traditional silk Ikat for many many years. They have learnt to weave just by being around from their parents and grandparents.
Thus one tiny group gets infallible protection, and the 93% get the crumbs. To rationalise that reality, wombats like Milt Friedman come along and explain how this is the only way to create wealth. But no matter what degree of bollocks is applied to the attempt to make red green and up down, the practice of The Law is the obvious giveaway.
Since this is their first pronouncement on matters of substantive design law it is perhaps a relief that the ECJ has followed the lower instances all the way down the line - there are no surprises, good or bad.
YerTiz  4.1%  Triple Hopped bitter
DRINK
Can you think of anyone you know who always seems to sabotage relationships that are going well? This is de-compensation. If they are most familiar with a relationship that is angst ridden, and they find themselves in a supportive environment, they are going to try and get back to where they are comfortable. They are likely to generate drama, or end the relationship (or both).
The subject of this post is none other than this batch of 'Two Bowls' Chocolate Chips Muffins. As the name suggests, these moist chocolaty treats are made using just two bowls. One for mixing up the wet ingredients, the other for the dry ones. The content inside the 'wet' bowl is then dumped into the 'dry' bowl, with a few quick stirs, the batter is ready for baking. I bet a 10 year old will be able to make this with little supervision.
Du Monde
14) John Ashcroft, my homeboy; singer of patriotic harmony and coverer of statue boobs
I didnt even bring any knitting with me today. I need to do a gauge swatch for the next pair of socks and I didnt really feel like doing that today. I probably should have brought a hat with to finish, but my heart just wasnt in it.
I think the biggest advice I could give is just do it. If you have an idea, if you have a passion, dont wait. The timing is never right. Life is too short not to do what you love. And I found out that when you do what you love- especially something thats good for the world-you usually find a way to make it work.
So there have been a few things I dont love (hello, aloof boys). As well as couple times Ive been surprised by the wrong impressions Ive had. That Western Europe is ahead of America in the recycling game is one of these (sadly) wrong impressions.
I didn't have any vanilla pods either so I used a tablespoon of vanilla bean paste - smells amazing and you can see the flecks of vanilla seeds if you look closely enough
Ab Workout - another one that doesn't take time away from my family, I can just do it while were all hanging out. Although Carter does look at me funny when start doing some of this stuff. He's like "what you doin mom?" haha
I bought this tee when we took my uncle and aunt to the outlet in Carlsbad a few weekends ago. While my brother walked away with bags of stuff, this was the only thing I walked away with and I couldn't be happier. This tee is so easy to wear with everything in my closet. I am addicted to Gap t-shirts, especially ones that are on sale! Some of my striped tees need replacing since I've had some for years and they're starting to show signs of wear and tear. Jen made a good point in one of her recent posts that her style has grown more simple as she continues blogging, and I couldn't help but realize the same. I know that with outfits like this one, my style hasn't changed all that much since I've always been and always will be obsessed with stripes. What has changed is that now I choose what I wear because I love it, because it's comfortable, and because it makes me feel good about myself--versus being bogged down with worries of being trendy or making my outfit more interesting. I am a simple gal, and honestly, it's one of the things I like about myself. I think that's why I always come back to this outfit of a striped tee and a solid skirt.
Basic Grey "Pryus" - Bradford Paper
I checked the time, I had 1 hour and 30 minutes before the bus leaves the station. I knew it was a long way but if I ran towards the statue I could just make it. The photo above was the taken from the location I had decided to run for it. I forgot to mention, at the time i was carrying a small over the shoulder bag with my netbook inside. Making the run slightly more difficult.
By now, most U.S. practitioners have come to either love or loathe the current and evolving state of the law concerning "fraud" in the prosecution and maintenance of federal trademark applications and registrations. Below is a summary of the law and some practice tips for avoiding problems down the road.
Silver: Bastogne Blonde Ale, Rock Bottom Breweries, Louisville, CO
For lets go right beside him,
Another favorite attraction of ours was Talking with Crush (the turtle from Nemo). This "show" was amazing! The animated Crush on screen talked to and interacted with the audience perfectly in sync with his animation. He would take questions from and ask questions to people in the audience and said things like "You so totally rock dude!" Kyla (with Nate's help) asked Crush if he painted his fingernails like she does. When she said she was 2 he said, "Oh, you just hatched! Awesome." He was perfectly in character and sounded just like Crush on the movie. I have no idea how they did this but we all loved it. He was very funny and witty so it catered to adults just as much as the kids.
I do up my fly and head for the sink to wash my hands. Elvis is at the sink beside me. As we both wash our own hands, we catch our reflections in the mirror in front of us.
Today, I wonder what it would be like to have a two year old in the mix. I have a picture in my mind of what he would look like as a toddler...dark curly hair, dimpled face, his daddy's eyes...I have a picture in my mind of what he would be getting in to. A picture of him walking or running around...a picture of him throwing his arms around his mama or daddy in a bear hug...a picture of him playing with his brothers and sisters...a picture of him terrorizing his brothers and sisters...a picture of him sitting around the table with his family for dinner...a picture of his adorable first words...a picture is worth a thousand words. A picture in my mind...
weren't exactly polite, you could immediately sense the strong character around, even though after starting to talk a little bit the sweet voices and the smiles were honest and generous. When more people started to showed up it was a revelation. It was an atmosphere that if you are not used to, has a paralyzing effect... One that I have experienced only in some other places in Italy and of course, Buenos Aires. If you are not confident, fully immersed and concentrated, you should just forget it. People dance 100% with their mind, body and soul.
When I was very little, I stood on his feet and he swung me around, pretty much carrying me through the steps. But as I got older, he taught me to waltz, and to polka, and to jitterbug. He taught me to stand up straight and move from my hips, and to let the music tell my feet what to do when, and he taught me the sheer joy of dancing with a partner. A touch of the hand on my back, a slight pressure on my waist, or a grasp of my fingers, and the rest of my body, and especially my feet, knew where to go and what to do, in sync with his rhythm. It was magical  it might very well have been magic.
In recent events, the American retailers have been tredding softly due to the downturn in the economy. They have become less risky, more cautious and saving for better times ahead. We, as Canadians, have realized that this is the right time to strike the American retail market.
Geej--Yay! I'm gonna have a TV fuhganza!
How it works:
Member State and who are or have been subject to the legislation of one or more
Jerel Law has set out to do something similar. No doubt spurred on to write the "Son of Angels" series because of the popularity of magic series like J. K. Rowlings' Harry Potter and Rick Riordan's Olympians, Law has begun a series of magical beings, only instead of good and bad witches or the traditional Greek gods and demigods, he's created an epic battle between good and evil by using God's angels and Satan's minions, centering the action around two siblings who are both descendants of fallen angels. SPIRIT FIGHTER is the first of this series, and I had the opportunity to review a copy direct from Thomas Nelson publishers.
J: I usually always attend the Romance Writers of America conference, which switches location every year. I dont do many other conferences, but I have now and then.
This is what I am dealing with, people:
"Dinner in three minutes."
The glass/crystal bowls holding the jewelry at the bottom of the picture were also frugal finds from Goodwill. They are heavy enough to make sure the earring holder doesn't slide/fall/etc. The large bowl (on the right) was $1 and contains my watch and bracelets. The two smaller bowls (left and middle) were only $0.50 each! The one on the left contains hoop earrings. The one in the middle contains stud earrings.
sat in the attic of a cottage I couldnt afford.
Your voice wanders in ear,
Fact-asy.
OK, corny segue, but...people should feel weird to pass your book by! It's a gripping read with a touching friendship between Hastin and Nandita the elephant, who are both trapped by their circumstances. You'll root for Hastin from page one and you will be astounded (yet not really surprised) by his courage during the final can't-put-the-book-down scenes.
V. Anohin - bass-guitar
P.S. If you're in Sydney and you're interested in seeing my crafty jewellery in real life, please get in touch. Keep in mind that I also make other great market-stall gift items like hairclips, badges, magnets etc as well as the pendants, rings and earrings, and as always I am happy to custom-make and gift-box any items for you.
Just a moment while I look up your account.
Two awards will be made out of this one category, one for horror and one for fantasy. As many people have commented on Twitter, its an odd set-up, but thats what most BFS members voted for. The explanation given before the vote was this, and I think the way the new BFS awards admin who inherited the new rules has handled it makes sense. Although the voting was divided into fantasy and horror, all those votes were counted together at the end. So four of these were the books that got the most votes, regardless of genre. Half the novel votes being ringfenced that way for fantasy does seem to have led to a more varied shortlist. The judges added two titles to this category  the books by George R.R. Martin and Jo Walton, I'd guess. I didn't read many novels from 2011 during 2011, but I went for Revenants by Daniel Mills. Though it didn't get in here, I hope it might still have a shot at best newcomer.
He pays attention to symptoms to diagnose the larger problem. He takes your blood pressure and asks standardized questions. If he gets enough of the same kind of answer, he can tell you likely have a heart problem. Most of the time, the tests and EKGs are merely to gain more detail, but generally to confirm most of what the doc already knows.
After perusing their woefully barren gift shop (talk about a missed opportunity!), we went back to the hotel to get ready for our outing to a really fancy restaurant. But just as we were about to leave, we passed by the tour booking center and heard this little tidbit, like a money-grubbing fairy on the wind:
German bakeries are everywhere. I thought we were more famous for the sausage, but no.
Of course, that ignores the grime, the pollution, the people who avoid eye contact on the tube, the sheer drag of the commute day after day.
Soo, here's the part two with pictures of the dresses I was talking about in the last post...
The best way to tackle a tantrum is to ignore it, Dr. Leman says. "When your child is throwing a tantrum, the purpose is to get attention and to exert authority over you. And if throwing tantrums has worked in the past, your child will continue to throw them in the future." Dr. Leman's suggestion is to step over the child, totally ignore the behavior, and move on with whatever else you were doing. Nine times out of 10, your child will get up and follow you. If you're in public, don't be so worried about what other people will think -- this is about nipping this bad behavior in the bud.
I am just so glad that no one was hurt in this horrendous blaze. ITV news headlined the report with It is lucky that no one has been killed  my sentiments exactly (www.itv.com/news/border/story/2012-04-22/cumbrian-chip-shop-fire). According to some reports, the blaze started at 10:15 am, before the area became crowded with people milling around. See www.fire.org.uk/news/2012/04/23/road-closed-over-chip-shop-blaze-in-cumbria.html.
I can't wait to hear his talk here at UHV. Though many give poets the back of their hand, this man's work and advocacy are important, especially in today's ideologue-dominated world.
So, is this Aspen trip going to change anything? Liam seems determined to make it work with Hope. Is he just very stubborn? He stuck it out with Steffy, and it took Hope a long time to redirect him back to her. Now he has tunnel vision in regards to Hope. It probably doesnt help that he feels responsible for taking Hopes virginity. Still, Hope and Liams interactions are so juvenile that its hard to imagine how he can stand it. I dont know. I get anxious just watching them together. That and maybe a little nauseous.
With all due respect, to the former First Lady Nancy Reagan after this past week I wish the reason my brains felt like eggs frying on a hot skillet were because of drugs. Even now, there is serious debate going on in what few active brain cells I have left about the possibility of sending both my precious children to military boarding school.
This week when my shipments of Nutrisystem arrived and I unpacked them, I noticed a few dinners and other items that I thought I would never like, therefore I never would have bothered trying.
The day sometimes flies by and next we know it
 Hirahata Seito
From June, the editors of the 19 international editions of Vogue magazine have made a pact to stop using models under age 16 or those who, from the viewpoint of the editors, appear to have an eating disorder.
With a mixer, combine peanut butter and margrine; beat until smooth. Add sugar and flour; mix well. Add 2 eggs; blend well.
I am, going to enter her in
The response is to be three pages long, single-spaced, according to an unnamed lawyer who was in the courtroom.
There were two types of off-roaders in our camp: jeepers and quad riders. Though we did some riding together, the different equipment and preferred types of riding caused us to go on several different rides. We jeepers preferred longer rides in a more trail-oriented environment. A/C made the long trips that much more enjoyable.
(Marys work is featured in this book from 1999 and the pages still hold timeless applications for todays homes.)
I am so nervous. I really hope they choose me.
I started with a base of Pumpkin Pie and layered with black bazzill and some Very Vanilla embossed with Gootchi Script EF. The next panel is more black bazzill punched with the Fleur de Lis border punch and topped with Material Girl DSP. Below that I added some black satin ribbon. Next I stamped the Tigerlily from Flourishes' A Year in Flowers 2 stamp set in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics - YR12, YR16, YR18, G12, G14, G16.
- Retiefs so-called manifesto has too often been accepted uncritically and without analysis of context. Not all the assertions can be accepted at face value. It must be analysed carefully and critically.
and in my opinion, it's not wrong to want to look good. not at all.
The app is divided into four sections: Match Cheese which talks about cheese styles, Wine List (wine styles), some useful articles that have been published in Gourmet Traveller and some more videos. Or at least they seemed to be extra videos but one or two appear to be the same ones that you get directed to download through the previous sections.
So as the NFL draft comes in April try to remember the name Lefevour because you will hear it called and you will hear for a long time on sundays. and then you can tell me how I was right and how smart I am.
And for the following another issue is the pleasure one gets from the contact The French with their individualistic attitude cannot understand the principle and the pleasure of spending a night along with 200 other people hugging each other. They are used to pay attention to themselves and their very loved ones. The presence of somebody less intimate in a close distance is an issue, even for the average French tangero. You feel the nervousness, the luck of comfort and also the fact that a French woman will not leave the control to anybody so easily, even if its in the context of the milonga. Its very common to see couples that dance all night only with each other, as the social perception of the event is weak. On the other hand, for many French tangeras I had the impression that they were dancing together, they were not allowing me to lead them
In fiction, and in life, everyone needs a breather, a time out, or just a break. Sometimes we cant control the pace of reality, but as writers we get to show our characters some mercy from time to time.
Perfect for the lip balm lover
Im trying to teach my kids the value of hard work and discipline. Now, Im not perfect at this, mind you. No one is But, Pam and I are trying to teach and train in our home so that our children will be blessings to their future mates and not burdens. This kidult, pictured above is in for a rough life. Im thinking hes around 16 or 17 years of age by the looks of him and Im afraid hell be living with his parents till hes about 35. So sad!
10-Niney Holness-Wipe Away
Oh, Alex. He is an old-fashioned hero, but I doubt he'd think of himself that way. He admits, right up front, his bad choices and his thieving ways. When he has to, he fights. But he's not all bad; actually, getting convicted of murder and thrown into Furnace has scared him straight. Instead of entering Furnace as a bully, Alex stands up for what he thinks is right even if it is not easy. This is all first person, so not only do we get into his head; we hear his oddly lyrical thoughts. Damn, but Alex has a way with words! Not in a take up paragraphs describing something way, but in a turn of phrase: "hurricane of thoughts," "bruised shadows." He's tough -- he has to be, to survive in Furnace. And survive Alex does. But Alex is also open and up front about his emotions. He throws up from fear. He cries, from fear, from relief. And sometimes he laughs at just how absurd his life has become.
With all the time team members spend together in meetings (5.6 hours  the average amount of time an employee spends in meetings each week  Inc., Inc. Data Bank, Crunching the Numbers, May 2012) its surprising how often team members come away with different mental pictures of what the department is supposed to be and in what direction its supposed to be going.
We went shopping for a friend together.
Anyways, I am really excited to start following other great blogs :)
Chastity belts, promise rings, false Christian Reality TV Stars
He descended into hell.
He seemed to see his fellow creatures grotesquely, and he was angry with them because they were grotesque; life was a confusion of ridiculous, sordid happenings, a fit subject for laughter, and yet it made him sorrowful to laugh.
Have a good day all...I need to get downstairs and get busy with my room.
Thanks to Everyone who has stuck through this blog and stuck through this post. As ever it is appreciated more than I can possibly say.
for whatever emo fad is in.
And now please remember what I say today
DiS: I believe you had initially started writing the follow-up to Med Sud I Eyram Vid Spilum Endalaust as far back as 2009, but that it was scrapped several times? Have any of the songs from those sessions made it onto Valtari, and if not, will they be released in the future?
This week the challenge I have for you is "Over the Edge" - create a card, or paper craft item with a design element that is not restricted to the boundaries of the card edges, and continues to flow off the edge of the card, for instance this could be a die cut element, a sentiment banner, a fussy cut image, ribbon etc. Push your design to the edge .... and have fun!
us that Hudson has the best, most
Writing history is all about interpretation, and we have to make assumptions, especially when studying the history of the beer and pubs. For example, I will be claiming that inn-yard theatre happened in the George Inn, Southwark, despite a complete lack of evidence that it did. Why? Because there are records of it happening in inn-yards across London and all over the country. It often happened when there was a big fair. It happened in larger inn-yards. The George had a large inn-yard. Southwark Fair was one of the biggest fairs in the country. Plays happened in the yard of the Queens Arms just down the road. Therefore, I can assume, with a high degree of confidence, that plays also happened in the George.
All this Arabic markings crap. They all know they are swords. My source says that some flights will only make $20.00 (why they like carry on dogs) and this could cause many to not fly and hurt business.
Sometimes on his way home he'd stop at Bagleys, which was the fine jewelry and china store in town. He'd walk in, sunburned, perhaps trailing grains of sand, wearing his moccasins and a white t-shirt, and, as he always told the story (and he told it more than once), the snooty Bagleys personnel would look down their nose at him and say, "Can I help you?" clearly thinking that he had no money for their fine things. But my mother's birthday is in August, and Guv would look around at the bone china and the Limoges porcelain and the gold jewelry, and he would buy her something.
Anyways, in my lusty haze on Saturday, I dove towards the tote to grab the first thing I saw and it just so happened to be my vintage toy. I had to crank my, ah-hem, choke but once I had the, ah-hem, engine running, my vibrator blissfully revved the RPMs.
Weight: 8.0kg
Though I suppose that depends on your definition of productivity.
Other customers prefer to use the pieces as clasps in jewelry designs. I am tinkering with "one hole" designs for that specific purpose, too.
So what am I working on... well I am quilting another quilt for a friend. My second commission piece.... YEAH! But OMG am I having tension problems and this is after the Bernina dealer worked on my machine for two hours! I don't know if it is the thread or needle or what. Finally, I have used a new needle, new spools of thread for both the blue top thread and white bottom thread AND lowered the top tension and tightened the bottom tension and think it is finally right.
But this one has no bands at all. This was a real departure from the usual Skyline fare -- regular line Skylines had to have that upper band, because it was part of the clip and derby assembly. The band was also an integral part of the Streamliner clip. When Eversharp introduced Skyline-styled pencils with pressed clips that were merely stapled into the barrel, the upper ring was no longer necessary, although it was retained on the Press Clip I and Press Clip II series purely for aesthetic reasons. It makes sense that Eversharp would toy with voiding the upper band when it was no longer needed.
Sir Alistair Graham, who was chairman of the Committee on Standards in Public Life which drew up the rules on party political funding, said Lord Feldmans decision to hold meetings at No 10 is entirely improper.
This gelato day is the cursed of all the weekdays because the weekend is the worst!! Everyone and their mother, and even their mothers mother comes in! Then you have to get them all gelato, and its a TON of gelato. Its a mess too, the paddles get all sticky, and you get all sticky, and the floor, and the walls, and well you get the picture.
Death is part of life. As I reluctantly go to the vets office next week to pick out an urn for my sweet little dogs remains, I will think of him as I always have in order to safely carry his ashes home. I have to treasure his life in order to embrace his death.
38. HP and the Order of the Phoenix - Rowling (2003)
For the toddler set, theres a book thats out just in time for Fathers Day on June 20. Dad and Pop: An Ode to Fathers & Stepfathers by Kelly Bennett ($15.99, Candlewick Press) and illustrated by Paul Meisel is aimed at kids age 4-to-7. In an era when half the marriages end in divorce and often lead to remarriage and a new father figure, this book offers warm illustrations and a comforting text on how to look at a happily blended-family scenario. It reassures that the birth dad and the step-dad both love their child. Dance, YAll, Dance is another Kelly Bennett book, illustrated in a delightful fashion by Terri Murphy ($16.95, Bright Sky Press) that celebrates country music and the way folks of all ages love to dance to it. It recreates the fun and excitement of Saturday nights at the dancehall for ages 4 to 8. Also among the books for this age group is a wonderful story taken from real life, Miles of Smiles: The Story of Roxey, the Long Island Rail Road Dog (17.95, Blue Martin Publications) by Heather Hill Worthington with warm and wonderful illustration by Bill Farnsworth. Roxey became a legend 1900s when he was granted complete access by the crews of the Long Island railroad system. When he jumped on board President Teddy Roosevelts private car Teddy was delighted to learn he had a railroad pass attached to his collar and let him stay for a while.
customize it, make it yours.
not that i did not know that before
Oh, and the handsome photographer aint too shabby, either. :0)
Yes, its a little odd to have a movie that is equal parts Frankenstein and Hunchback of Notre Dame on a Christmas movie listbut like I said, theres this odd crossover of Halloween and Christmas in moviesand this movie is simply too touching to be in the Halloween list (oh admit it, you cry when watching Winnona Ryder dance in the snow too).
Hubby does NOT want this in the house.
Image credit: www.luismonteirophoto.com
Jewelry and the Darkside: Quaint Typeface Adornment
7. Your parents dont want what is best for you. They want what is good for you, which isnt always the same thing. There is a natural instinct to protect our children from risk and discomfort, and therefore to urge safe choices. Theodore Rooseveltsoldier, explorer, presidentonce remarked, It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Great quote, but I am willing to bet that Teddys mother wanted him to be a doctor or a lawyer.
The image was coloured with Promarkers and Flexmarkers. I drew the large flowers on first then coloured in around them. I used a fine nib to doodle the smaller flowers and add definition to the larger ones. I then added lots of gems and glitter domes to make it really sparkle.
A girl should learn to put her gown on properly. No creature living takes more heed of externals than your orthodox man. He may not know the price, color, or material of your clothes, but he will know to a nicety whether you are well or badly gowned.
I wanted to get out of there so badly, I can't even explain it. Leaving before the game would look intentional - and even though I can be a big twat, I didn't want to hurt his feelings too much...I mean, the guy was nice and all. There had to be a way to let him down nicely. The whole nerd posse and I took our seats right in front of the glass in the arena. I was flanked between the semi-decent looking nerd and the laughing Accountant and kind of ended up positioning myself so that I was leaning towards the semi-decent looking nerd. Lucky for me, the laughing Accountant noticed that I was out of beer again (sometimes I think I may have a drinking problem), and jumped up to get me a refill. Um...thanks. At this rate, I'll be wasted by the end of the first period. I took that opportunity to think about my get-a-way plan and to flirt a little with the semi-decent nerd, who admitted that he hated hockey and was dragged to the game so that he could meet the laughing Accountant's new girlfriend. Seriously. That pretty much solidified the need for an escape plan...and the need was urgent.
Edited to add: I did do some more colouring on the image. It's funny how you sometimes don't notice stuff like that until you see the photo of it on your blog.
Triceps pushup 15 reps
Place chicken breasts in a 4  quart pot and cover with water. Add chopped garlic clove, parsley, and salt. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium and cook for approximately 30 minutes or until chicken is cooked through. Pour off broth into a container for use in chicken soup. Fill pan with cold water to cool chicken. Chop cooled chicken into bite size pieces. One half will be used for soup, and the rest can be used for chicken alfredo or chicken and rice. I put my extra in a ziplock bag and put it in the freezer for next week.
This new blog is to pay homage to the fact that life happens. And rarely according to plan, particularly ours. I believe that God has a plan for us all, though, and sometimes that means stops, yields and complete detours on the paths we set out upon in order to remain in accordance with His will.
Lastly, the games final plot twist is random and ineffective, and Im honestly shocked at how many praised it. Plot twists are supposed to make you reconsider what you thought occurred, to have you reinterpret events with new insightthis plot turn does not. Slight spoiler warning, but I want to pose this question: Why did Joker even need this red-herring to get the drop on Batman? It seemed like he couldve done fine without it. And perhaps I missed something, but why didnt he just drink the cure when he had it in his possession? While the final fate of the Joker was pretty well done, this abrupt and unnecessary turn dampened its shine.
in warm months when the pines on the hill
-RKO on the chair! 1..2THREE!
There has been a large outcry from people who want to contribute to my campaign despite my penniless campaign pledge. I had resisted for the longest time, but I do not want to disappoint all those people who want to contribute. I will have a one-time money bomb on the 31st of this month. This will be the ONLY time I will accept contributions. The money raised from the campaign will be used for things like ad time, yard signs, and tattoos. There will be more information in the days to come.
I could not watch this movie without melting to tears a couple of times.
I all so did habbs some itty bitty bumpies what are coming and going, and Dogtor Mark look at them all. He say they are 'pustular dermatitis' what are resolving their own self.
we want you to delve into your stash of pearls and lace and then come back and share your creation with us...it's up to you what you make... the only RULE being that you use at least ONE PENNY BLACK IMAGE ...LARGE SENTIMENT or STICKEROO and no back-linking please...
Just thought to give you a quick peek of what I was up to before the moving and the vacations.
-Somprehensive Education Plans
It shouldnt be my burden. But it is.
Print this out and stick it on your fridge for lots to do these school holidays!
Check out your local book shop and library and get to know the current market. Youd be amazed how many people still send in manuscripts to publishers with covering letters explaining theyve written in the style of Enid Blyton or Arthur Ransome. The chances are, the agent/publisher wont take more than a cursory glance at your precious manuscript after that. You need to know whats been done recently, how well its been done, what appeals and why. THEN you can start to write. Also bear in mind that writing is a craft and needs practising. And its hard work as well as fun.
Our final day was spent in Winter Park with old friends. They hold season passes there, so it was a natural place to meet. But what I saw was anything but "natural". At least by my definition.
1 restored
It should be shown.
Were pensioners paid a decent pension and were employees paid a decent wage, there would be no need for these subsidies and our welfare benefit budget would fall dramatically.And who's going to pay for that?
Run with straight real niggas
Then Ajers said next we had to say what was the WORST part of our day. Mr. Manic said, "Well, the worst part of my day was that when I first started to fix the shelf upstairs it was pretty hard to do. The nuts weren't fitting right and it was pretty tight, but then I got them screwed in just right."
The Tryst Retro Brunch is only available on Sundays from 11AM to 2:30PM, and reservations are recommended so please call 781-641-2227.
love of my life!!!!!!!
By years of drip-fed filth
God Almighty, what is wrong with these people?
This commemorates the birth of Jay Ryan born July 11 of this year. It's worked in shades of green to match the nursery, but it would not be too difficult to change the colors to match a different decor.
applicant's goods, namely news and information about Atlanta . . . .
Can't wait to be sitting around with good people,
In Florida, only fourteen months after Crist handed a major victory to teachers unions, a new governor, Rick Scott, signed a radical bill that could have the effect of replacing hundreds of teachers with computer avatars. Scott, a favorite of the Tea Party, appointed Levesque as one of his education advisers. His education law expanded the Florida Virtual School to grades K-5, authorized the spending of public funds on new for-profit virtual schools and created a requirement that all high school students take at least one online course before graduation.
We played and played all day - with toys, with new games, and with each other.
The combination was great. I layered the Bok Choy on the cooked Rice Stick Noodles, then added the Shrimp and drizzled the whole thing with Sriracha. Such an amazing meal!
You've won a $40 gift voucher to eclectic Paperie. We have lots of new goodies that arrived, too. Please send your email address to daisy@eclecticpaperie.com
One of the main reasons that individuals resist accepting this gift is the erroneous concept that you are going to be controlled by the Holy Spirit like a puppet. Nothing could be further from the truth. The Holy Spirit values your freedom even more than you do. You see the true agape Love He desires in you can only be derived from a free spirit  otherwise it is not agape Love. What the Holy Spirit is seeking is your freely given cooperation, in Love, so that He may inspire you to freely open yourself to what He is giving you. When you do, He gives you an uplift in your spirit that brings you a joy and peace that is beyond understanding and you also experience the intimacy of the presence of God in your hearts. It is this, His presence in you, which fills you and satisfies the longing of your spirit, for this, the purpose for which we were created.
Vegetables are a great source of nutrition in our diet. Not to mention, pulses and lentils are absolutely needed to compensate your protein if you are on vegetarian diet. This simple and delicious recipe of colorful vegetables cooked in spicy gravy makes a flavorful meal and easily made ahead. It is also low fat and on the table in less than half an hour.
Bacon, tomatoes and red wine.
(Yes, she said, tug on it.)
Whats next? Possibly hoping that James Hataway will attempt to get some sort deal in order to get a lesser sentence.
The Majors Leadership Academy (MLA) operates in partnership with the education system by giving young women the emotional, spiritual and social skills to excel educationally. For more information, please visit www.themajorsleadershipacademy.com.
You will have until next Thursday (March 29) morning 6:00 AM EST to link your project.
But then I made this bow from strips of paper cut from a magazine page ...
Example-2:
* I am also thankful for the beauty of autumn and the fun of carving pumpkins.
In the casual comedy;
Other times, I'd brag about where my family was going on vacation. On one or two occasions, those holidays got grounded and didn't happen. It made me look bad to the other kids.
Blatters comments came after the second match of the tournament featuring top-ranking team Spain against New Zealand, which was played at the sparsely filled stadium in Rustenburg on Sunday. Only 21000 fans turned up at the 42000-seat stadium.
As you can see the Almond Flakes that I used is not perfectly sliced where you can tell this is not a good quality one.Although the appearance doesn't look quite presentable but it's still taste good.If you are using your own made puff pastry then it's only takes 10-15 minutes to bake.Frozen puff pastry from supermarket takes a bit longer about 20-25minutes but you still need to keep an eye on it from burning because Almond Flakes can burn easily. Almond puffs can look very elegant and pretty and surprisingly easy to make too.
When beeches drip in browns and duns,
( only for family visits )
Hi kimsesi yok, he explained at last, hi.
27 min: Spurs should be in front! Bogdan spilled a long-range shot from Bale. Van der Vaart collected the rebound but failed to summon enough composure to stick it in the net, instead blasting it at the keeper who got up to bat it away.
The whole point is, how does all of this affect my relationships?
Many of the viruses and bacteria can survive for hours on the equipment and other surfaces in the gym. This can be a threat to you because of the chaffing and scratches on the skin that regularly occur while using the equipment. This makes it easier for these germs to enter your body. Even though this is a risk, most gyms and strength coaches spend a certain amount of their time keeping your equipment sanitized.
watching a television program on nazism.
Leif and I have wrestled with who to tell, if we should even tell anyone, what to say, how to say it...what will we do if it is...but it isn't...positive thoughts!!! This is just a taste of my internal conversation and sometimes external conversation with Leif. Up until I heard the word "Tumor", we kept everything to ourselves. I was afraid to be a drama queen, a hypochondriac, afraid to make a big deal of nothing, I didn't want to burden anyone or make anyone worry for no reason. I thought I could handle it...I thought WE could handle it but I spend most of my day in the company of a 2 year old who had no idea what's going on in my mind and I don't really get a lot of opportunity to pour my heart out to Leif and I am not sure I would if given the opportunity, as he is in the midst of a rigorous schedule and, again, I hate to burden him. He is the person that I go to for everything but right now is just such a bad time. He really needs to focus on work and I really need to just vent(something I rarely do on my blog)!
Ive thought it out very carefully
So again my heart does softly beat,
WW: Youve self-published a couple of books on Kindle  what kind of book do you think does well published by this route?
Fuckerflies I (2009) Acrylic and car paint on board: Charonaletto 1 December 2009
Beverly says to simply be healthy. If you are eating right (being conscious of what you eat but not depriving yourself), exercising, going to the doctor and being generally responsible with your body, you will be beautiful. You simply cant help but be beautiful.
Issued by,
The report said it was not clear whether the CIA intended to identify bin Ladens support network within Pakistan with the help of shared intelligence or wanted to rebuild the much-needed mutual trust for moving forward.
However, eggplant is really nice and easy to cook. For those without joints problem, I guess it should be ok to eat egg plants!
We're coming to the end of September and Autumn has officially come to say hello. With the nights drawing in and a distinct chill in the air, I always feel Britain somehow sigh's with relief. No longer does it have to flit between hot and rainy- trying to satisfy our summer fantasies, it can relax and do what it does best....be friggin' freezing.
Personal Injury is a mystery and is complete at 94K words.
Olivia opened her mouth and slowly placed her lips on the hard stick. She could see streaks of shininess from where the stick had just come out of her own ass.
I love this time of year.(well, except for the allergies it triggers!).everything seems so full of new life, the trees are budding, the flowers are blooming, the birds are singing and doing other unmentionable things, my energy is soaring, and my attitude is one of gratitude and hope! Anything and everything seems possible, and I typically find myself wanting to try new things! As nature is renewing I feel the desire to do the same.
For those interested  I just got a copy of The digital download version of Dick B. and Ken B., Stick with the Winners! How to Conduct More Effective 12-Step Recovery Meetings Using Conference-Approved Literature at www.dickb.com The book is for your personal use and is copyrighted so forgive me for not forwarding out a copy for you.
The work by Skaletsky et al. (2003) shows that the Y chromosome is much more complicated than previously thought. This post was a bit longer and more technical than I really wanted, but laying down this background is important for the rest of the series. Just remember these key facts:
07. Icy Shapes - 6:15
I know what you're thinking. You mean to tell me, the fate of democracy depends on one man's ability to not shoot his goo inside a curvy blonde Nazi doctor in an expedient manner? Ridiculous as it sounds, Ilsa: She Wolf of the SS is all about postponing the ejection of seminal fluid. Simple as that. Anybody who tries to tell you otherwise has obviously chosen to approach the film from a perspective that is different than mine, and I respect that. But deep down they know I'm sort of right.
I was furious, and called the hotline and was informed that they don't know how long more to get the issue solved as it seems the water in the dam is running low. Again, wondering those raining days do help in our water supply. Frankly speaking, even staying in Singapore (a country who buys water from Malaysia) I don't have to experience water supply disruption!
Click on pics for up-close & personal version:
Myglam
You would think that a kid that had just climbed out of her crib, fallen, and broken her arm would cry for longer than twenty seconds, but she was settled down in no time. Erin was still shaking long after Abby was back in bed and asleep (minus the side of the crib, since I would not risk her jumping out again), and if Abby felt really hurt, she showed no signs of it at all. Even when I checked both her wrists, moving them around and asking if it hurt her at all, she just shook her head and told me no.
Prudent. He said. Its what I wouldve done.
Black Frog Studio in Shanghai is run by a Canadian photographer. Phil tells me that hes originally from Montreal but has lived and worked in Shanghai the last eight and a half years. As a Westerner I got curious of how it is to work as a photographer in China. Phil says that he has no problem with his profession in China, as long as his work remains artistic.
The knolls sprawl endlessly around his figure, carved into the landscape, cataclysmically formed. Speckled stumps and rotten trees display a character, burnt soil and decaying, dilapidated walls display its flaws. Borders, land to land, dust to dust. This was all his now. Or for the time being
If that werent bad enough, Im also an actor: one of those pampered ninnies who hasnt bought a loaf of bread in a decade and cant find his way through an airport without a babysitter. I wouldnt be surprised to find that Ive got some Chinese characters tattooed on my arse. Or elbow. Same thing.
Paper- Early Espresso, Very Vanilla, scraps from my DP bag
The last race of the year for me (till November, stay tuned) was a 3-day stage race in Elk Grove Village, Illinois. It is an interesting event, in that the entire thing takes place in a very urban area. The team did great this year, but the highlight for me was the wonderful people we stayed with. They opened their home to the team (second year in a row) and do so during their wedding anniversary... In a way, typical of the gererosity Ive seen from the places where we stayed in host-housing this year. But also, very unique. Jeff and Betsy hosted us two years in a row and better than feeling at home, they made me feel like an honored guest.
THE FIRST TIME I CALLED MISTER ROGERS on the telephone, I woke him up from his nap. He takes a nap every day in the late afternoonjust as he wakes up every morning at five-thirty to read and study and write and pray for the legions who have requested his prayers; just as he goes to bed at nine-thirty at night and sleeps eight hours without interruption. On this afternoon, the end of a hot, yellow day in New York City, he was very tired, and when I asked if I could go to his apartment and see him, he paused for a moment and said shyly, Well, Tom, Im in my bathrobe, if you dont mind. I told him I didnt mind, and when, five minutes later, I took the elevator to his floor, well, sure enough, there was Mister Rogers, silver-haired, standing in the golden door at the end of the hallway and wearing eyeglasses and suede moccasins with rawhide laces and a flimsy old blue-and-yellow bathrobe that revealed whatever part of his skinny white calves his dark-blue dress socks didnt hide. Welcome, Tom, he said with a slight bow, and bade me follow him inside, where he lay downno, stretched out, as though he had known me all his lifeon a couch upholstered with gold velveteen; He rested his head on a small pillow and kept his eyes closed while he explained that he had bought the apartment thirty years before for $11,000 and kept it for whenever he came to New York on business for the Neighborhood. I sat in an old armchair and looked around. The place was drab and dim, with the smell of stalled air and a stain of daguerreotype sunlight on its closed, slatted blinds, and Mister Rogers looked so at home in its gloomy familiarity that I thought he was going to fall back asleep when suddenly the phone rang, startling him. Oh, hello, my dear, he said when he picked it up, and then he said that he had a visitor, someone who wanted to learn more about the Neighborhood. Would you like to speak to him? he asked, and then handed me the phone: Its Joanne, he said. I took the phone and spoke to a womanhis wife, the mother of his two sonswhose voice was hearty and almost whooping in its forthrightness and who spoke to me as though she had known me for a long time and was making the effort to keep up the acquaintance. When I handed him back the phone, he said, Bye, my dear, and hung up and curled on the couch like a cat, with his bare calves swirled underneath him and one of his hands gripping his ankle, so that he looked as languorous as an odalisque. There was an energy to him, however, a fearlessness, an unashamed insistence on intimacy; and though I tried to ask him questions about himself, he always turned the questions back on me, and when I finally got him to talk about the puppets that were the comfort of his lonely boyhood, he looked at me, his gray-blue eyes at once mild and steady; and asked, What about you, Tom? Did you have any special friends growing up?
During my pregnancy, some of my old tomboy insecurities resurfaced because the damn things were getting bigger again. D-cup sized breasts were the things of most mens dreams, but my own personal nightmares. I had visions of turning into my middle school chorus teacher  a woman who used her enormous chest as a writing desk whenever she wrote out a hall pass. While it would be handy to never be at a loss for something to lean on should I need to jot down a quick note, the thought of having classroom furniture jutting out from my chest scared the hell out of me. How was I going to nurse an infant with breasts bigger than she was?
The Mint Julep Jars shown above, are actually just party favors with Junior Mints inside. A real Mint Julep is a very strong, very traditional Southern drink held up in cheers while, My Old Kentucky Home plays before the race starts. They are served in chilled silver julep cups filled to the rim with bourbon, simple syrup, fresh mint and crushed ice, an absolute must for a Derby party!
OURS: Now it's your turn! What homemaking tips do you have today? Can't wait to see!
Jesus, come to us again!
1 tbsp. chopped parsley
There's not much colour there, but there are lovely textures, and that lace! I wanted to make a card that captured that feeling of old lace without being vintage or lacy... if you get what I mean... since I was trying to make a CAS card. So this is what I came up with.
The forecast doesnt look too bad, either! Maybe well have a chance to go on a nice walk, and Ive been wanting to take Sophie to check out Eagle Run Park, here in town.
controlled flames in the fireplace
The movies over for the foreseeable future, Parker had to put Elvis in front of audiences again or admit he had run Elvis career into the ground. Parker arranged for a television special  a one man show  unique in and of itself for the time. Television; having launched Elvis to the national stage in 1956, was either going to re-launch Elvis or be the full circle book end to his career in 1968.
This cocktail, named for a 1922 Rudolph Valentino film, is a relative rarity: a mixed drink made with scotch. The combination of scotch, sweet vermouth, oj and cherry brandy might seem a little unusual, but you will only think that until you take your first sip. It's perfectly balanced, not too fruity, not too scotch-y. (Although it's difficult to imagine how something could taste too much like scotch.)
Copeland Borough Council can be emailed at info@copeland.gov.uk or called on 0845 054 8600.
Escaping the pool party with Mary for an hour of successful shopping in Lake Geneva.
This was supposed to go up last week but I somehow forgot to save it correctly....
Gillis complained to the Canadian Broadcast Standards Council and encouraged others to do the same  some 4,000 people did complain.
Source-ANI
Yummy!
For further information please email:
I was able to meet my sweet sister on skype and I am utterly and completely in love with her. Wishing more than anything that I was right there with her, but counting down the days until I'm holding her in my own arms.
But when you take seriously the existence and malevolence of nonhuman forces that are capable of using us as well as them in the service of evil, the focus shifts. As the hazy and shadowy realities come into view, what we thought was clear and straightforward becomes blurred. Life becomes more complex, but arguably more realistic. The traditional lines of friend and foe are not easy to draw. You can no longer assume that that lot are simply agents of the devil and this lotus and our friendsare automatically on Gods side. If there is an enemy at work, it is a subtle, cunning enemy, much too clever to allow itself to be identified with simply one person, one group, or one nation. Only twice in the gospel story does Jesus address the satan directly by that title: once when rebuking him in the temptation narrative (Matt. 4:10), and again when he is rebuking his closest associate (Mark 8:33) for resisting Gods strange plan. The line between good and evil is clear at the level of God, on the one hand, and the satan, on the other. It is much, much less clear as it passes through human beings, individually and collectively.
A couple weekends ago, I went to Vegas with my fam for Lindsay's graduation from PA school.
The BJPs distance from Mr Laxman was made obvious with prominent party leaders staying away from court. Mr Laxmans daughter was the only member from his family who turned up in court.
Near and far,
But Eli believes he is carrying the most precious commodity, the answer to rebuilding the planetthe only remaining copy of the Bible. He says that God led him to find the Book and then told him to bring it out west to preserve it. He goes by foot and is known as The Walker.
The Nemean Lion motif can be seen here in two examples. The red round design, while attractive, would not serve its purpose very well. I have not seen this sort of device anywhere other than Paris. Maybe it is used in French provincial towns, too.
The very first thing you should do, is make sure that the established dog is at least somewhat agreeable to other dogs. If he tries to annihilate every dog he meets though, maybe getting him a canine playmate is not such a good idea.
*My baby turned 1 year old last March. Like a year ago.
And so, last October, I began my research on POD publishing. First, I visited every site I could possibly find on POD, from sheer Vanity publishers like Dorrance and Vantage, to a multitude of subsidy publishers and even traditional publishers who had set up a sister subsidy wing, as an example of this: Discovered/Undiscovered Authors. I critiqued and recorded all the information I could find. Let me also add, I read a number of books on self-publishing, including those by Mark Levine and Dan Poynter among others. I also found various writing forums which were immensely informative. My approach with the forums, if possible, was to observe as a guest for a period of time, and then register at a later date. Several on yahoo, I could not be bothered with. They are either too little frequented or full of spammers. One of the better forums is called Christianwriters. It is on my favoured links. I do regularly visit this forum but have never posted to it. Thats not because it is not an excellent forum, but if Im honest, I simply do not think it digs deeply enough into the publishing business, rather it discusses the same issues, and yet, even then, barely scratches the surface. The two forums I think best suited to an author considering POD publishing are Absolutewrite and Books&Tales.
There is nothing essentially revealing in this story about the Chinese governments crackdown on dissidents and censorship of the Internet. The history of such recent abuses dates back to Tiananmen Square.
True. But what we've seen so far in terms of editorial slant -- and that probably won't change a lot when the new Adweek launches on Monday, even if the packaging does -- is something that stands a good chance of abandoning the core audience in an attempt to attract new readers, who could care less about CPMs, rate cards and who just won the Novartis media account. (Yes, I've made this point before.) But there are loads of publications and blogs that serve those people -- ranging from Gawker to The New York Observer's Media Mob to Romenesko. Even with the plethora of ad, media and marketing blogs, the mechanics of the media and advertising business isn't covered quite as closely.
To all my SMAns, you followed me, now please follow all of my friends.
Fact; I cant do two things at once. D;
This one is my adaptation of the cute reindeer cake pops you might have seen on the web. My version is not as good but was easier. I stuck two marshmallows on cake pop sticks and then dipped them in chocolate. I stuck googly eyes, a red rhinestone nose and the pipe cleaner antlers.
Ronald C. Fazio, 57, Closter, N.J.
People RAVE about the convenience of Netflix and swear this is the future of movies. These people are idiots. Dont get me wrong, Netflix is good for what it is. But if youve invested any amount of money into a home entertainment system Netflix is not delivering you the High-Definition goods.
Mon-Fri July 16-20
As with most partnerships, children bring complications as much as they bring joy. Children really test the stances you agree on and the differences between your ideas of family, care, discipline and sacrifice. They add extra work and demand extra time, all of which brings new negotiations. They compel parents to take the implicit and honestly interrogate it as gently as they can to see whats actually there, whats actually shared, whats actually possible. So many things that were easy or didnt need planning or could happen without full communication have changed, and every path is a two way street that presents choices about the direction the whole family will go. And, this is the crux of the whole thing. Either you choose a direction together or everyone eventually goes their own way.
And the best thing The result, which is so far out of my hands, doesnt really matter too much. While it is great to land roles, get options on scripts, and receive checks Just doing my absolute best, needs to be a celebrated moment.
You say its only in my head
Such effects were much easier to achieve in narrow gothic streets and Unwin railed against the
To say goodbye to my host mama.
Your mom had the baby. She's almost as big as a sack of potatoes.
Whaaaaatttt? Jason Russell is the leader of a group called, Invisible Children. Hes also an incredible filmmaker. For well over 10 years, his non-profit has been trying to draw attention to Joseph Kony in Uganda. Joe Kony is an a-hole, plain and simple. He manipulates kids, makes them kill their parents, disfigures them, and puts them in his army. He has basically set fire to a reign of terror throughout Uganda. Today, Kony has been pushed back into the Congo. The Invisible Children guys and Jason Russell are extremely dedicated to this cause  fanatically so.
Did you do something special to celebrate Mother's Day?
So forgive me if I make no sense on this blog. I feel like I am running in reverse. Oh, and I have a small confession to make. I didn't list all of my "ingredients" for my sister's birthday card. I neglected to mention one. You see, I used Glossy Accents on one item, and waited for it to dry before mounting the image. And when I went back to check on it, I noticed that it hadn't dried evenly. It had pulled away from the edges and pitted a bit. Crap. So I added another layer of Glossy Accents and waited again for it to dry. OK, so it was a little better, but still not the usual results. What the heck? I reached for the Glossy Accents bottle again, and realized that it was actually a bottle of glue. Duh. What? Oh, good grief. Giggle. No wonder it wasn't working like usual. Slap to the head. Giggle some more. And then actually use the Glossy Accents for the right effect. Giggle again. I checked it later, and was very relieved that it looked much, much better. Wink.
"EZ" by Pete Yorn - Major crush material here. I believe I've said before that Yorn's looks were the inspiration for the character of Baker, my folk-singing spirit guide in my GAYBIE AWARD-WINNING book Woke Up in a Strange Place.
The chaotic-sounding, amorphous definitions of the concept of hamlet and of specific hamlets boundaries sure feels resonant to me in my conflicted state.
--as much outside time as possible
But when the project was in development and it was time to present its programming to the board in a public meeting, I struck the reference to providing yoga. Just the reference, I hasten to add, not the practice.
so, of course, i'll totally forget the actual number, but then would you expect anything else?
As writers, we have been given a precious gift. Let us use that gift to create powerful, heartfelt new works that not only entertain, but also educate, enlighten and uplift humanity.
Been frustrated with my job
Welcome to Bolivia, said our ringleader with the cellphone as the taxi driver and gas attendant slowly filled the tank, then walked out of sight to break the bill with which we paid our fare.
Lately, the RK Motors name has appeared on all forms of media and even a few race cars. From Quarter Midgets to NASCAR, RK Motors Charlotte proudly supports all types of racing. RK Motors owner, Rob Kauffman, even drives a RKM-sponsored Ferrari F458 Italia in endurance races like the Rolex 24 and 12 Hours of Sebring.
Dunedins plan to develop and launch a new brand for the city has sparked a strong city-wide response, and the search is now on to find the essence of the Dunedin experience to promote the city to the rest of the world.
He died on April 15.
Average Monthly Pageviews: 5,280
I placed a piece of tape on the floor to mark our starting spot, then gave each child a turn blowing their feather as far as they could. Once the feather landed, I marked that spot with a piece of masking tape.
In fact, while J Street supports Arab apartheid in Judea, Samaria and East Jerusalem, there's not a single word about Israel as a Jewish State, merely as a 'democratic home.'
straight away this project jumped out at me
Top 7th: Minnesota
Paper: Rose Red (SU), Solar White (Neenah), Watercolor Bouquet (K&Co), Preppy Princess Stack (DCWV).
Talwin Morris replied thus:
hi again blogreaders,
For me, there are four major KEYS to editing a screenplay  whether its short or feature-length.
And I let her wear that way on Sunday. Trying to decide what to do with her hair.
The perfect Doctor Who episode, for me, begins in the TARDIS and ends in the TARDIS. Nothing annoyed me more than the trend during the 7th Doctor's run of not even showing the TARDIS during an episode.
I'm going to be writing to the state legislatures over the weekend. If I have to I'll write to the governor.
Let me just tell you, my first impression was misleading. The new white fresh paint makes it all look so clean and beautiful and I didn't think there was a thing wrong with the place. But when you start to get a closer look, you realize that you may have missed a few things. Now don't get me wrong, there is absolutely nothing wrong with the apartment, it is still really nice but it isn't the brand new sparkling candy land apartment I had envisioned in my head.
I scuffed my feet and stared at the ground debating if I should take it or not.
Sarcasm aside, there are a great many activities in the offline world that have a tenuous connection with ROI, including one of the mightiest and most-ingrained metrics in the offline advertising world: Cost Per Thousand Impressions (CPM).
The Babri Masjid carnage of 1992.
The Pretty Things- SF Sorrow
Cardstock from Colorbok is 4x9"
In the future, we will have to remember to allow three hours door-to-door when leaving Worcester to catch a flight out of Boston. Our slightly late start alone wouldn't have killed us, but searching for a gas station near the airport to fill up the rental car at the last minute, getting left behind by the rental car bus (thanks for nothing, Budget!) and a post-Thanksgiving bottleneck at security came within minutes of making us miss our flight.
Also pretty cool would be a giant wall map with thumbtacks where each subscription is going. I want to make one of these. That way, when they make a feature film about the making of the world-famous Apple-a-Month club in which we'll all get zingy dialogue and a super intense soundtrack by Trent Reznor, there can be a montage to carry us through the month of December where we'll be putting little pins in:
My cousin and I spent some time at the ArchDiocese in La Crosse, and I would have to say it was not what I was expecting. We did find a lot of information, but 99% of it, was in Latin.
Help, the Beatles
In Iraq, on 1-2 June 1941, in the Farhoud pogrom in Bagdad, 180 people were killed and 600 injured. In 1948, a wave of official anti-Jewish persecutions, including arrests and considerable fines, took place. Shafik Adass, a Jewish millionaire who was accused of selling surplus military stockpiles to Israel, was executed in September 1948. During 1949, Zionist-movement members were persecuted. Persecution also took place in Kurdistan in June 1950, when Jews were obliged to give up their possessions and houses. A synagogue was attacked in Baghdad on 14 June 1950; three people were killed and twenty injured.
Mix together the wet ingredients. Stir in sifted dry ingredients. Mix well. Glop on heaping spoonfuls on your cookie sheet. I do about 3-4 spoonfuls per cookie, so I get 9 cookies per cookie sheet. (They don't need to be this huge, but I like them to be this huge! Almost like cookie/cupcakes) Bake at 375*F for 12-13 minutes or until cookies are cooked through. (You can tell by looking to see if the tops still look mushy and uncooked).
But it ain't there.
Just called De Boeck by the friendly shop assistant of the excellent De Biertempel outlet in Brugge, which I found better organised and more spacious (and certainly less overcrowded by Japanese tourists) than their main outlet in Brussels. The nickname Boeck derived from the painting on the label ("Nightlights" by Felix de Boeck).The 75 cl champagne bottle, with the bottle date, 21 November 1998, handwritten on the back side, cost what is seen as a small fortune in the Belgian beer market, an amazing 10 Euro. What is more amazing to me is that a vintage champagne among beers cost the same (in Belgium, that is) as I had to pay at the Norwegian state liquor store today for one of their cheapest red wines. Maybe the undervaluation of world-class beers in Belgium is really what I should celebrate. And the fact that I am able to be there quite a few times every year to pick up my treats without asking for an extra credit line with my bank.
Starting TODAY, we are inviting our readers to write with us. On Friday each week, you can link your blog to our blog and share your own thoughts on the topic for the week.
Mastering the secrets of the body language might be complicated. Body language is a visual mode of communication  you cannot learn it just from reading  you need to see it. The Body Language Cards do just that; they flood your consciousness with the visual gestures and connect it to its meaning so you can retain the information and use it in real-time situations.
Thus atheists live in cognitive dissonance believing things that are obligatorily self-contradictory.
1. A Christmas Story Quote
There's a touching Soviet film called "Autumn Marathon", in which a random Dane gets thrown into a Glorious Socialist drunk tank. He returns to his Leningrad hosts the next morning with the sort of look in his eyes that you'd get after a particularly invasive bout of alien abduction. "There were many new words there," he muttered into his kvass.
Bring it on, Spring! Now Im ready for you!
568 - Harold Baines
1 resembling
Happy Friday! :)
some hard truths........ but good stuff!!
He carried her to the shower and they washed each other silently, sweetly, his soapy, kneading hands on her welted flesh a lovely sting that made her smile in the deepest contentment. She lay in her bed where he tucked her after the shower, licking at the last sweet kiss he placed on her lips before leaving. She giggled quietly as sleep claimed her, the last thought through her mind . And this little piggy stayed home.
Congratulations to you all! Be sure to come link up again and watch for the end of the month when the top three links from each week will face off in the final Head to Head Showdown! Until then, please grab a featured button!
I have a tablet p.c. for reading, surfing and watching videos, I use it when my back hurts and I cant sit at my P.C. anymore and the bonus I can take photos of my cats and dogs with it.
share with us what your goal is... how is it going and should you re-evaluate it.
As a citizen concerned with the depth and breadth of what appears to be an obvious attempt to defraud not only the citizens of the state of Ohio, but the entire nation, I have requested, but have yet to receive from any Government official, any coherent answer to questions I have posed regarding the impact on my business interests, my rights as a property owner, my personal liberty as a citizen of the state of Ohio, and that further restrict and diminish my overall freedom as an American.
I will still continue to post once a week. One change Im really excited to announce this morning is that my pages now have drop down menus! What I did not want is one long blogroll so one page Im really excited to reintroduce is Link Love. What I have done is Ive organized links based on specific topics and interests.
Have you been taking note of how God is working beyond all that you ask or imagine of Him? It is my hope and prayer that you will be aware of Gods amazing faithfulness and provision and that your faith will grow in leaps and bounds to the glory of His name. Steph is just weeks (perhaps days) away from delivery and we are excited to see how God goes above and beyond what we ever imagined as we begin this journey of parenthood (and dont get much sleep).
The thing about eBaying is that results can be mixed. Even if you know you like something and you're feeling triumphant because you've pwned the other bidders, sometimes you don't like the thing that much when it arrives. This is the case with the Medallion tote pictured above. It's nice; it's in great shape; the seller was extremely professional. But I haven't carried it yet.
Ill second the motion
Touchdraw is an iPad vector graphics app which I bought a few weeks ago and am continuing to find endless uses for, including drawing quilt diagrams, templates, blog headers, buttons and more. There are two previous posts (the starter post and the HST post) in this series and I would suggest you work your way through those before trying this one as some prior knowledge is assumed. The header I am going to make today looks like this.
It's Tuesday....and this past weekend's project is still sitting on the kitchen table....not even started!
No, I wont miss pulling that wagon around.
like Father, like Son,
Finally, add the lime juice and give it another quick whisk, then pour the whole lot on to the baked crust and return it to the oven for another 20 minutes, or until it feels just set when you lightly press the centre with your little finger.
V/A - Unsigned (Epic 1987, comp with Green, New Salem Witch Hunters, The Worms...)
Caleb, Becca, Sakari and Huxley David
Isabelle exhaled with a slight catch in her breath. His lips were on hers again, his tongue probing inside her parted lips. She was lost in the sensations. How long had it been since shed let a man get this close? Shed forgotten how good it felt to be touched, to be kissed. On the other hand, it had never been even close to this.
This card dates from about 1907. If you're specifically interested in streetcars of Wisconsin, you should check out the Transport Co. Web Station website.
picking my salad from my garden
Oh, hes my best friend. Back where I came from, that is.
We have received assurances from News Group Newspapers (NGN) that in fact no emails were transferred to India, Graham said in a statement. He added he had seen no evidence to contradict this assurance.
These days, to be honest, I tend to order print books from Amazon. But then, we dont have a really decent indie bookseller convenient to where I live. Certainly not one with a selection of books anywhere near as good as I would prefer.
So many favourite characters: Dick Swiveller, Betsy Trotwood, Flora Finching, Peggotty, Mr Jingle - every book yields up a gem or two. There are maddening ones too, like Dora Spenlow and Tiny Tim and Little Nell, where the popular taste for sentimentality knocks Dickens temporarily from his splendidly keen observational perch.
No one can take them out of my hand.
It was also lovely and very exciting to finally meet a number of bloggers, writers and food-lovers from Twitter! (Hi all!! Thanks for passing me that bottle of water!!)
2. Add remaining dressing, broth, and seasonings to skillet; cook 3 to 4 min. or until heated through. Add Neufchatel; cook and stir 2 to 3 min. or until Neufchatel is melted. Stir in tomatoes, cook 3 min.
Already Home by Vickie Lewis Thompson
Dang, I think is a great idea. Teaching my son to read, and to love reading is one of my top priorites and raising a child who is caring and understands how his actions both positively and negatively affect others is tops too. wegivebooks.org does both of those.
So, my friends, I'm not going to apologize for my lack of posts the past few months, but I will give you a little peek of what we've been up to:
The movie briefly shifts the action to the island itself, where Muffy is hauling around some creepy props. An older woman named Clara is helping her, but looks concerned. Before Clara leaves to take a ferry to the mainland, Muffy says something rather ominous about the weekend with her friends being "bloody unforgettable".
Of course, today we have more than ever before the experience of all the past centuries of Orthodox saints, Holy Fathers, martyrs, ascetics: all those who have lived for Christ in this world, from all the different lands, in the west, the east, the north, and the south. This experience is ours to know, and it gives answers to basically all the contemporary questions which arise. We can have living contact with the saints of all ages, as well as with those who are suffering today for Christ, such as the many people who are in prison camps in the Soviet Union. It is very encouraging to see how they do not give up in the midst of all kinds of tortures. They are really extremely courageous, and this gives courage and inspiration to us, that we also can be faithful to Christ. In the conditions we have now of freedom, there is no excuse for us not to be offering our struggle to God.
REMOVE from oven
Newspapers have also progressed with new services and report formats. Based on member feedback, ABC refreshed the newspaper Audit Report by updating labels, merging some categories and eliminating others. This spring, newspapers will release the first reports with this updated format.
Tom jumped out of his seat, Yea no, of course. I uh need shoes he wasnt sure what he was saying, or doing for that matter. He managed to find his shoes, and his wallet, and the door. He ran down to be met with a grinning John at the front door. John had dumped his sister, but he would never dump Tom. No matter what happened he always came back for Tom. He was worth more to John than his sister was. John actually cared.
A peek into our dining room built in. I designed it to match the style of the kitchen cabinets. The window above is at an awkward height, but it is a dark room, so I didn't want to close it in. I love how this turned out. It displays my inherited china and glassware so beautifully. It has a lot of needed storage too.
In reality, anyone is entitled to buy a domain name that has yet to be registered at any time. Were someone really in the process of buying these domain names, a legitimate domain registration company would not delay them.
Meanwhile, Obama remained sharply critical of what he called the religious absolutism of the Christian right.
But there is that subtextual fear of aging working strange magic: the smearing the lens with Vaseline and deep color washing makes all the girl's faces glow in an airbrushed blur that lights them up in the dark. It can only be some stipulation in the Cox contract, but the message is clear - no one knows the difference between movie and real life anymore, even inside the movie itself, and the high color style gloss underwrites a miraculous disconnect that helps people hide from their own aging or sense of self-preservation. They even cheer bloody movies based on their own future deaths; like a man cheerfully devouring his own foot and working his way along the digestive ouroboros centipede until all that's left is a desert snifter of credits and theme crunk.
However ANC high-rankers, which include the infamous Winnie Mandela and Parliamentary Ministers, instead of recognising that errors, misjudgement, and deception had occurred and that it would be appropriately prudent to withdraw and apologise to the world at large, chose to go into combat against the world in an even more astonishing ranting against Europeans and their racism. A desperate attempt to create a delusion of African competence via Black Power propaganda.
In the other example in the past tense the person counted four donkeys, does that mean at present there are four donkeys, no the past and present are different.
I can't wait to show you my mantel. I'm really excited about it. It's not finished as I am still making a few items and ordering things (It would be nice to have my own Silhouette machine.) but hopefully, it will be ready soon.
A survey says that companies are starting to bring jobs home. Its gotta be cheaper to pay workers minimum wage than pay for the increase in unemployment insurance.
We can choose when, if and how many children we want, we can be sexually active without fear of pregnancy, and we can participate, at least in theory, in every area of public and professional life - we can have, in short, all the advantages that men have always enjoyed through accident
But every now and then, the trough becomes a crest, and we get a chance to celebrate. I'm having one of those moments!
I broke out of my shell last semester, but this year I want to talk to students I dont know at all. Writing about someone I do not know, and then highlighting their accomplishments as a leader, is a fun opportunity that allows me a chance to build my writing skills. It should also encourage me to step out of the box a little bit and use different approaches to blog the info.
23. Integrating Your Laundry: Washing It All Together
Need I say that most small publishers are quite reluctant to give that high a percentage?
The fourth song on the album also happens to be the fourth song in a row that sorts of
Everyone who visits my new digs mentions how I seem poised to start a new life here. To them it feels like home.
I contemplated whether I should write today because it just has been an emotional up and down day. This was Kristen's last day before Spring break so I was hoping to end it on a good note. Apparently, someone missed the memo on that one. The phone call from the preschool came early. My phone for some reason had turned off and when I checked it at 9:40 and turned it on is when it rang. So, you know what she did? It made my stomach sink. She cut another kid's hair. I turned my car around and off to pick her up I went. If a kid does something like this, they are immediately sent home for the day. That is the rules for everyone. So, filled with many emotions at this point...anger, embarrassment, and many more I cannot even begin to list, I pulled into the parking lot.
Knowing the love of Christ is that important. If someone knows the love of Christ, what else really matters?
Weddings Can Be Murder was fun to read. I love that the major scene that starts off are the two characters hiding and locking in a closet. The sexual tension was right from the beginning on everyones side.
I've taken a whole new approach to scrapbooking. I have so many unscrapped photos and unprinted digital photos that I've come to the realization that I'll never get caught up. So I've abandoned my practice of trying to finish a year at a time or an album at a time, and am just going to scrap what I feel like, in no particular order or theme, no rhyme or reason, just whatever I'm in the mood to scrap at that moment. So that being said, my blog will be full of randomness....no more days upon days of vacation layouts (which I still haven't finished LOL), no layouts covering an entire baseball season or a school year, you'll just be surprized because you'll never know what I'm going to post next.
* Ice cream! Ive only tried it with vanilla (Im somewhat of a purist), but I wonder what it would taste like with chocolate ice cream, or pecan or coffee (because Biscoff cookies are so damned good with coffee!)
The town pub was the Bedford, in Tunbridge Wells, literally a stone's throw from the town's main railway station. The pub formed a welcome refuge from the wet and wind-swept streets on an unseasonably cold Saturday lunchtime; my visit being as a member of our local CAMRA branch who had gathered there to present licensee Simon Lewis with a well deserved certificate as joint runner-up in our annual Pub of the Year competition. It was my first visit to the Bedford since Simon took over the running of the pub in July of last year, and I have to say I was well impressed.
Peter fell to the ground; his whole body was stricken with a coldness that went far beyond his body. His very soul seemed frozen. His warm delight at being a martyr for God was gone; it was replaced by a terror of the dark void beyond death. The whole idea of God became foreign to his intellect, and his will cried out for escape. Simon saw all of this and smiled, his mouth grew tighter and tighter as if getting ready to welcome Peter in Hell. He spoke aloud, Peter, I ask you for the final time, will you deny Jesus Christ?
Im really curious, does anyone else out there have a problem controlling their weight while travelling? Because I do, and I just dont understand! I need someone to explain this to me.
That goes without saying.
are unavoidable, but already being compared to such established acts is a big achievement for these young Icelanders. Last autumn they supported in 15 concerts across Europe fellow countrymen Sigur Rs. It's a Trap! went out for a drink with them and discovered that apart from good musicians they are very friendly and down to earth chaps.
And to our moms across the country, Ursula and Dottie enjoy your special day and know we love you and are grateful to have you in our lives.
___ cover quotes without names appended to them? I have to assume you called your own book a work of dark genius.
Twice a year in Mount Forest we have this gathering at the old fair grounds called Fur & Feather. It happens the last Sunday in April and the first Sunday in October, where people from all over come and sell absolutely anything and everything to do with critters large and small. And other folks show up and have a look at whats for sale.
64) Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Still have the bus, though it is (and has been for a long time) for sale.
Although the iPhone was attacked by every competitor for lack of basic functions such as mms or bluetooth its success was tremendous. Everyone wants the iPhone, well honestly it is still the same today. After 5 generations iPhone is still by far the moat advanced and sophisticated connection of hardware software and matchless look.
In 2010, I was actually just as excited to see Iron Man 2 in theaters as my guy. While I didnt enjoy it as much as the first, it was still a good movie. I actually dont think the movie necessary failed, but I was so caught off guard with how fun the original was in 2008, that it would have been difficult for anything to live up to the hype.
I awakened in the same place but in another timeto a stranger's soft kiss.
Al Qaeda is a plaything of the CIA, created by them to undermine the USSR in Afghanistan, and since used to break Free Serbia, and to destroy the real democratic system in Libya. Al Qaeda are the foot soldiers of Zionist imperialism, and are even now operating in Syria to destabilise the nation as a pretext for the invasion and occupation of Syria and the Lebanon. The partial occupation of the Syrian Golan Heights by Israel is to be extended far into Syrian territory. Al Qaeda are the enemy of Europe; but not because they are anti-Jewish, rather because they are Jewish-controlled.
you'll be touched by the story of this mama.
I go for a post-op tomorrow, and again on Tuesday, where Im sure theyll be able to tell me what my new eye site is (whether its 20/20 or better or maybe a little less than perfect but hopefully not)
What is a zine?
HOW EXCITING!! The players involved a diverse group of people too. Teenagers, a dad and his young kid, college girls, a couple of frat boys, older ex military guys, me (an ex soccer mom), a girl who was a foreign exchange student from germany... the list goes on. It was neat. More people kept signing up over the weekend too.
Dont forget to check out the CCEE Stampers blog (goes live 12 AM EST) to see the rest of the creations the CCEE Stampers created this week. You can also see more details of their creations on their individual blogs:
Moonstruck marker
In which we go to a poetry tournament and meet a lovely young lady who reads the Marquis de Sade. We have our first threesome.
Thursday Stewie had it.
Astrology as predicative science in Western Context
Deal Scenari0 #2: Buy (3) Nivea body wash or scrubs $4 Use (3) $1.50/1 in 2/12 RP Final Price: $1.50 each
I know they'd love to hear from you, so please visit their blogs and share in their excitement.
Also in The War Child
Belt: came off another dress
It's getting closer to the due date, and I can't help but wonder where the time went. We waited so late to tell everyone, and I have been so busy with work, taking care of NIk, holidays, showers, and birthdays, that I can barely believe we only have 2 1/2 months left (10 weeks Thursday). I find myself trying to mentally slow time down. I am so excited to welcome this new little pupmkin, but worried about my little pumpkin at home. I so want to treasure these last weeks I have her all to myself, hoping that she welcomes this new little brother or sister with a welcome and open heart. She does love her Mommy time. I just want to be able to give them both the time and lvoe they deserve and not feel completely overwhelmed.
The condition of mind described as depravity of mind is characterized by an inherent deficiency of moral sense and integrity. It consists of evil, corrupt and perverted intent which is devoid of regard for human dignity and which is indifferent to human life. It is a state of mind outrageously horrible or inhuman.
...there was nothing not to like about this place in my opinion :)
Could also serve with a light syrup, but we all thought it was delicious without!
Read the rest of the interview after the break
I *need* (want?) a nest, again. Love my community here, my support. Invaluable, especially now.
Today being Tuesday it is again the Colour challenge at The Outlawz, and this week it was Guylou's turn to choose a photo inspiration and colour palette, with the twist being add a fruit print or embellishment
In the United States, the British experience is being held up by Democrats and mainstream economists as an object lesson in the risks inherent in aggressive short-term budget cutting amid signs that the recovery could be losing traction again.
Thank you so much for the positive feedback about Project Life. Over the next few weeks I'll try to get caught up with sharing my PL Album pages here on the blog. When I'm feeling ambitious I'll include product links, but sometimes I won't. If there's ever anything you want to know about, just leave a comment and I'll mention the product with a link in my next Project Life post.
When I was a girl, I was a little shy and afraid of talking to strangers. My grandfather, who is blind, helped me a lot about how to listen, how to know what others are thinking about through their words. Although he couldnt see me, we could use language to change our throughts and I got useful knowledge from him that I had never heard before. Enlightened by my grandpa, I know language is an important tool to contact with others.
The advocates however are anxious about this win inside their approach to limit short term higher interest lending techniques. What they have to dont get is even though they may possibly limit the ability of cash advance institutions to give generous degrees of online payday Loans, it wont limit the need for these companies. The chances are greater that the desperate should seem elsewhere with regard to their rapid hard cash requires. This you could end up a lot more people getting on-line lending products which send out cash out of doors their local community or pressure them to carry out getting the cash by far more low light suggests, for example the underground community.
Suppressing a shiver Dr. Logan returned the sheet of paper back to the stack and opened his mouth to speak. A crash followed by a scream interrupted his train of thought. He tried to ignore the commotion but the disruption grew louder. Seated across from him John was seemingly unaffected by the noise. The shouting from in the hall grew louder. The door flew open and for a moment the figure standing in the doorway conjured up the image of Johns story. Dr. Logans heart tripped in his chest. He was not an overly fearful man but just for a moment he felt the oily twist of his intestines.
Those clunking sounds you hear are the story being dropped in newsrooms all over the country and replaced by the one about the Hispanic guy in Florida, who the media and US cops insist in calling white who shot a black youth making an innocent detour through a gated community clutching a bag of skittles.
2 embodies
Which is little surprise, because although many of the youths had committed only lesser offences  petty theft, minor assault  and training sentences were indeterminate, stretching anything up to five years, until they were deemed corrected. But most youths did emerge fit, able and, thanks to the skills training, ready and eager to work.
The disc opens, boldly, with a nearly silent piece by Malfatti's colleague Jrg Frey, which consists entirely of a handful of low tones, played in unison by the two musicians, scattered amidst a vast field of nothingness. Opening the album with this piece is a way of acknowledging up front the spartan, airless world of the Wandelweiser group of composers with which Malfatti is associated, and the remainder of the album is in a sense a series of movements away from this territory. On the subsequent pieces  a Rowe-chosen Cornelius Cardew composition, plus a recent Malfatti composition and a graphic score made by Rowe  the music still tends towards the minimal, but abandons that near-silent austerity. Static and radio hum from Rowe form an electronic bed for long rumbling tones and breathy exhalations from Malfatti, and occasionally the serenity is interrupted by piercing, squealing feedback or gritty, granular bursts of electric noise. The music remains low-key and gestural in spite of these outbursts. By choosing his abstract graphic score "Pollock '82" as the final composed piece of the session, Rowe sets the stage for the improvisation to follow. The improvised third disc doesn't depart very far from the sonic territory that precedes it, because part of this album's ideology is to blur the boundaries between improvisation and composition; it's all just music to these two players. And there's no question that the relaxed, seamless interplay of this improvisation is informed by the composed pieces  whether loosely notated or entirely abstract  from earlier in the session. [buy]
And last but not least is my husbands sides. Hes having Amys brand frozen vegetable lasagna for the entree. To go with is is a mixed green salad with red onion slices, green and yellow plum tomatoes from the local market, sweet clover sprouts and mediterranean flavored vegan (soy) feta cheese on top. At top left is a cup of lentil & quinoa tabbouleh and at the bottom left are purple rice crackers for the tabbouleh and 2 dried apricots packed in his Easy Lunch Box.
It is interesting to note that more and more medical studies are confirming that stress and psychological disturbances are often related to chronic constipation. Many psychologists concur with the Chinese system of medicine which associates inability to let go of past hurts or memories, or difficulties in coming to terms with grief and loss as a common factor in patients with chronic constipation.
Thursday 2 May  Bukhara
You have given something one too many a puff.
balsamic vinaigrette dressing
The song of songs, which is SolomonsHave you ever been in love? I mean, head over heels, totally, helplessly in love? If you have, you know theres no feeling like it in the world! Your mind is continuously on the one you love. Its really not even something you can control, because theyre always right there, subconsciously.just there. That love gives meaning to your life, it causes you to do things you wouldnt ordinarily do or say. It makes you feel like nothing else. Your emotions are totally engaged.
The stars are getting quilted with an outline at 1/4" both inside and outside the seam, and then the whole block is stitched diagonally from corner to corner, as well as a straight line through the middle from top to bottom, and left to right. It breaks the star into eight pointed segments, which I really like.
14And with him they sent ten chiefs, one for every tribe of the children of Israel, every one of them the head of his house among the families of Israel.
Genesis 1:26 states, And God said, Let US make man in OUR image, according to OUR likeness. Clearly, this entity is talking to others who are just like it and must include both male and female genders. If this was truly the One Creator, how is it possible that It didnt know about the activities of these Watchers and take steps to stop them? If more proof of this is needed, consider the solution this loving God comes up with  send a flood to kill every living thing except a select group of humans and animals. Their crime was to allow themselves to receive knowledge of the secrets, especially of warfare, from the angels. Enoch regards these Watchers, led by Azazels efforts to enlighten humanity, in a negative light, obviously out of deferment to this God character, which is even more complex. According to his text, what we call God was the creator of physical humans through genetic manipulation. In order to them give them true life, another entity entirely was needed whom he called Lord of the Spirits. Add to this confusion, he also references Ancient of Days as God, as well as a being known as Son of Man. This being(s) who was so infuriated with the actions of these Watchers knew full well that the offspring known as the Nephilim, were immortal and that a decree had been made to essentially chain their spirits to the earth realm until a future day of judgment. They knew that, while the physical bodies of these Nephilim could be killed, their spirit would be trapped but able to interfere directly in the affairs of mankind. In the least, if the Biblical flood account has merit, this displays a measure of what can only be called incompetence on the part of so-called Gods. Long after the Flood is alleged to have taken place, there were many sources that corroborate that the Nephilim bloodlines continued. At the other end of the spectrum, it shows a blatant disregard for humanity and a very dark, unevolved side to this so-called God. The point is simply that a credible source has detailed some of the disembodied spirits that are available to a magician for contact.
You can't live life if you're living death.
 High energy self starter; must be flexible and able to take the initiative with minimal guidance and be comfortable working both as an individual and as part of a team.
The Louis Vuitton Monogram Sac Plat Tote handbag features an open top with the sided folded inwards, along with brown canvas designed with Louis Vuittons classic monogram print, and a two beige leather top handles. Price tag is $1,210.
Coffee Stripe
Then you have to let the Viva dry/cure, I let mine sit for a few days. Make sure to have them lay flat to dry.
Scalloped oval: Elegant Edges Cricut cartridge cut at 3 1/2" (page 50 of the handbook)
If the wind blows me south
I was lucky to meet Chris Brisley a fellow Strongman competitor, and I saw Alma at about 23.5 miles. But despite trying I failed to find Jo, Mel & Mel. I dint see many runners I recognised other than the elites, but I tried my best to cheer a few who were struggling as people did for me last year.
But Jewry has now met its match. Its nemesis, Vladimir Putin, is warning the Jewish led-by-the-nose US and NATO that they will not be allowed to repeat their feat in Libya of overthrowing Muammar Gadhafi by ousting Syrias president Bashar al-Assad.
What if the Supreme Court had blocked the use of eminent domain for economic development in the Kelo case--would the plaintiffs in the Atlantic Yards eminent domain case have a chance fighting the ESDCs blight claims?
This 2 hour weekly course lasts for 8 weeks and costs 50
Long there and then in vigil I stood, dimly around me the
Cant Stop Loving You
During the time of Dr. Verwoerd. the living standards of Blacks were rising at 5,4% per year against that of the whites at 3,9% per year. In 1965 the economic growth of South Africa was the second highest in the world at 7,9%. The rate of inflation was a mere 2% per annum and the prime interest rate only 3% per annum. Domestic savings were so great that South Africa needed no foreign loans for normal economic expansion.
Perry
Ink - Daffodil Delight, Soft Suede, Peach Parfait
BONUS-JOHNNY VORTEX TRAILER TAPE
they have no legs to run; so,
* California Education and Training Agency * California Education Audit Appeals Panel * California Educational Facilities Authority * California Elections Division * California Electricity Oversight Board
This was the first of two collections of myths and legends from all round the world, illustrated by my friend Jane Ray and published by Orion. The other was Sun, Moon and Stars and they were both gorgeous books to work on. Jane and I had several meetings where we made heaps of ideas, images, stories, cuttings and then I had a first stab at the text and Jane came up with her stunning pictures. Then we modified the text for any changes the artwork had suggested might be improvements. This one won a prize: The Primary English Award.
When we act as a national community for the common good, we are strong, and we are all better for it. When we do not act as a national community, we are ruled by special interests, by people who have an agenda that applies only to themselves. These days the special interests are the very rich, who have chipped away at our national wellbeing for decades, leaving a nation badly divided by politics and controlled by wealth alone. We have become so politically alienated that we even refuse to approve of things that would benefit everyone.
Misa Wishing on a Star, three coats in indirect daylight. Wishing on a Star has a black base, filled with tons of silver microglitter. I'd almost say this is glassflecked, but not just yet.. The microglitter flashes green and blue before my eyes, but I wasn't able to capture that with my camera. Since this contains a ton of microglitter, let's take a closer look, shall we?
*I was a little nervous! I think a skipped a word. Oh, and sorry this is so dark. I guess it's okay since the whole point is to hear me speak anyway!
Grill or fry the bacon rashers until crisp, let cool and then chop as finely as possible. Mix with the chives in a small bowl and set aside.
I think a large part of it goes back to what I wrote in my Monday Musing post this week, except this is the example of a series where the author does not do what must be done.
Enjoy your week, and remember to love yourself, because YOU are amazing xxx
Their proper habits vaguely shown
- Many thousands (?) of icy/rocky objects in the Kuiper belt
She made me burlap pillow with our last name on it.
The fastest way for you to get curly updos, you can come to the salon. They will provide some tools that will make your hair style curly updos. Most of the salon for updo hairstyles make it easy[read more]
Apply all over the acne blemishes area. Helps to get rid of blemishes and scars.
Here are some potential measurements for you to try.
Often there are only a few large producers or, in the case of services provided to government, only a single consumer. Some businesses - drug companies, for example, have multi-billion startup costs for anyone who wants to directly compete with the pharmaceutical oligarchs.
Of course, if this cyclical history continues, it implies that Obama is NOT the "liberal Reagan" (who in turn was not the "conservative FDR"), but the Democrat's Nixon. Some parallels are apparent--many conservatives utterly distrusted Nixon for his economic policies. Of course, comparisons to Nixon may seem outrageous to Obama supporters (including myself), as Obama has--so far at least--not had a whiff of scandal during his administration, and we all know what happened to Nixon. (Still, the Biden/Ford comparisons are tempting... :)
He taught me how to survive through thick and thin and I am forever grateful for the life lessons he taught me, through love or punshiment. One thing about him is, he may never tell me he loves me, but when I look in his aging eyes I see all the love he has for me. We might have had our differences and disagreement with dad but at the end of the day, he is my dad, am his girl and the bond is unbreakable.
What would any small boy do?
Being a Singaporean is my blessing.
that its all part of the plan
Im sorry. I must have tripped or something. Are you ok?
you are not going to convince anyone by saying they are ignorant and morons. Im not really trying to convince anyone of anything, Im just calling it like I see it. Im sick and tired of arguing about arguing. Now, if you would like to get back to the actual topic at hand, which was about metaphors in the bible that were originally meant to be taken literally, that would be more worth my time. That is why I didnt respond to your first comment, because most of what I did read had NOTHING to do with that topic. If you would like to discuss that, then I will try to debunk your claims if I see them worthy of even considering, but if you are just going to keep arguing about arguing, then I am done with this conversation, because it is a complete waste of my time and battery-life.
So not only will America be able to buy less Canadian oil even if Keystone is eventually approved, the U.S. will also have to pay more for it because the market for oilsands crude will be more competitive.
Abdul Nasser Maudany is a symbol of thousands of fabricated false cases in India. The campaign for the release of Maudany is a campaign for retaining democracy in India. We request all democratic and secular people to involve in this campaign to release Maudany, whereby we raise our strong voice against one of the most significant violations of human rights in this country.
I wont say anything more. I dont want to spoil the movie to those who havent seen it yet.
3) I know nothing about music. My taste in music is similar to my general pool of knowledge; I know a little bit about a lot of things. Meaning that my itunes probably has 3,000 songs from 2,000 bands across all genres. And I like those songs, but see no need to have the whole albums.
Now Sid was still a youngster so was fussed over by his mother and his aunts constantly; Chicken Supreme watched him from a distance, aware that one day, (in the not too distant future) this scruffy looking fellow with a lopsided comb and too-long wattles would challenge him. He had already started to throw back his head and make a silly noise which sometimes ended up being a strangled crow.
1 1/4 cups Graham Cracker Crumbs (I used store bought crumbs)
12.Lonnie Mcintorsh / Sleep On Mother, Sleep On
Doug-I think it only has bad juju in it if you think it has bad juju in it.
As we watch, we can hear someone turning on Peter Gabriels "Sledgehammer" to play in the background as they explore Thurston's bowels. Open up your fruitcage... indeed. While the song plays, words appear on screen, in a karaoke style, and a voice is heard singing along. As we ponder the absurdity of the situation, we are awoken from from our thoughts, when we see the patient in discomfort from the procedure. A seemingly massive amount of sedative is administered directly after each incident.
Chief among the administrations stipulations for a waiver: The adoption of college-and-career-ready standards (a.k.a. national standards). National standards and tests might sound sensible in theory, but, in reality, they would strengthen federal power over education and weaken schools direct accountability to parents and taxpayers. Moreover, they would most likely lead to the standardization of mediocrity rather than the standardization of excellence.
Pre test run, I would never have contemplated buying an iron like this, thinking it was too big and just overkill.
Latest Magazines: Alexander Skarsgard is featured in not one, but two magazines this month! Check out the scans here!
And youre wondering if youll survive
Why do the ceramic fillings smell so incredibly bad? I was convinced they were pouring super glue into my tooth.
Clark is now in her ninth year as Prime Minister. But surely she doesnt need reminding that National Finance Minister Ruth Richardsons mother of all budgets took place in 1991.
Let me dig! Emily grabbed the oar and continued the excavation. Clods of dirt tumbled down the steep side of the bank and into the water. I resumed my search for mysterious strangers, half expecting one to tumble out of the trees and right into our boat. A crow cried out overhead and once again, I nearly dropped the binoculars into the pond.
28 March 2012
--The Pack winning the Superbowl. Seriously, I was excited for the game, but I had no idea how happy I would be that they won. I'm feeling so much Wisconsin pride this week, it's unreal.
Nature holds you every day.
In his message he expressed regret for not being there for me when I was growing up. The fact that he felt the need to apologize for something so thoroughly out of his control pulled on my heart strings and brought me to tears. He could have fought to be in my life IF he had had any money to speak of and IF he had been a legal citizen at the time. As it was, he was in no position to do anything about it, and I believe my mother had the right to want to move on with her life as well. I have zero blame to lay at the feet of either of my parents. It wouldn't be fair. Everyone deserves a chance to move beyond the past and apologies are wholly unnecessary. What matters is what happens now.
Because I can call upon Him always to be my light & guide,
To His ain royal palace his banished hame will bring;
1. YouTube Music Videos: 384 billion
If you want the thing you love, you must have a pizzioli baby
The news and picture came from a web posting in Baidus discussion forum: Family planning authorities in Moshan town, administered by Linyi city, Shandong province, forced a 9-month pregnant woman into abortion. According to the post, the baby even gave a cry when it came out. The family, on hearing the cry, went over to see the baby, before it stopped crying or breathing. Doctors pronounced its death.
Plot: 4
Live your life knowing that you are serving the purpose you intended to be here for, even if you don't know what that is, and smile.
Others may feel inclined to sleuth out some Hitch in the Giddyap that feels too good to be true (And it usually is!).
Why does the EC keep making a fool of itself, time and again, through its silly statements? It is clear that the manipulations done to the electoral roll are very severe in nature and the thought of it all being exposed scares the daylight of the guilty parties.
I would like you folks to submit a short story, 1000 words max, based on the following random YouTube video prompt:
C: What do birds and beetles have to do with anything?
The result of equal toil and labour,
I wasn't sure about the Sardines after the first bite, but had a couple more and ended up liking it! Probably won't be a regular on the menu (hubby was not thrilled), but I am definitely less intimidated by them now!
I am not sure if his depiction of midtown Manhattan was intended as a deterrent, a strong warning, or just meant to impress me with his knowledge of this city, but we all know that if you tell a child not to do something, he/she will just be spurred on to do it. I was.
30-day Trial to Team Beachbody Club
Brent Brookhouse picked up the quote and noted both its inappropriate nature and the poor timing, just days before the UFCs network television debut on Fox this Saturday, at a time when several top news stories revolve around sexual abuse. Several sites followed with reporting on the tweet, including Yahoo! Sports Maggie Hendricks. In responding to the articles, the MMA community happily provided ample examples of the rape as an insult side of the cavalier attitude.
Please share this story far and wide so that your friends and colleagues can learn the truth about the IoM and where its money really comes from.
Now, after five months at the Skye View Wellness Center, it was summer. A time for parties and friends, but thats the last thing I want to do. So when my best friend Erin convinces me to attend a bonfire at Eagle Point, I cant handle the crowd full of sympathetic stares or drunken class clowns who would use my tragedy as a way into my heart  or my pants. The solitude of the woods offers an escape, until I stumble upon a boy, unconscious and bleeding, his pockets stuffed not with identification but with poetry illustrating the beauty of dying. Ive seen enough death. I will not leave this boys side.
The failure by all governments to openly and honestly debate immigration and the influence of globalisation has left an errie silence on the politics of the last decade.
See you back here on Monday--make it a great one
All the colors of my life are different shades of blue.
I loved those!
By going with two, the Labour Party has left the door open to voters to vote for Glasgow First Candidate and independent both former Labour councillors.
Its market day as I alight from the train at Ryes elegant but diminutive station. The little 2-car diesel train from Ashford, something of an anomaly in the mostly electrified south east, is busy with shoppers aiming for the bustling stalls, and with tourists who head uphill from the station, keen to explore the history of this beautiful town.
So after 8 days of nothing but milk, water and a small cup of coffee each day, youd think that I had more than sprouted corn tortillas and raw organic almonds around for my first meal. I didnt plan very well for coming out of the fast. Strangely as much as Id craved food or chewing really, during the first part of the cleanse, I do not relish having to think about cooking, plan meals or carry around a lot of stuff to make sure I eat properly. When it comes down to it, eating well (with dietary restrictions) in NYC or just about anywhere in America is a VERY DIFFICULT task and requires a lot of forethought, planning, lots of glassware or insulated stainless steel containers and a strong back to cary it all on.
Add flour into bowl B. Followed by the salt and butter.
Melina's situation is more like mine would be without tango - meeting everyone through work!
I would go back to guarding the door and checking peoples tickets in the waiting room, and I remember talking with JC and several other people in the waiting room; and at some point the baby was finally born, and after the woman & baby were cleaned & dried off, they were moved to a bed in the operating-like room.
There are some days I swear, as parents we don't even know our own names. And the weariness catches up with us. Not the cupcake life I had envisioned.
So...it's been a VERY long time since I made anything with a needle. Like probably about fifteen years. That is if you don't count the odd bit of darning buttons and holes here and there of course.
At this point, Lexi looked at me with fear. She looked as if she wanted to say something, so I just nodded at her.
Get out of my way GB, I need to get my car keys, he panted.
These were the mansions of the new San Fernando Valley, whorehouses disguised as family homes, where some mortgages were indeed paid for in porn rent.
Results of the Quiz:
5. Losing My Religion12 years of Catholic School..nuff said.
MaryAnne Gilmartin currently manages Forest City Ratner Companies Commercial & Residential Development division, including the development of two of the companys most prestigious new projects: the 1.6 million square foot New York Times Building in midtown Manhattan designed by Pritzker Prize winning architect Renzo Piano, and the Frank Gehry designed Beekman Residential project in lower Manhattan. Ms. Gilmartin has been responsible for the development of several major entertainment and commercial office projects. She led the development of the 42nd Street mixed-use project and the development of the Battery Park City retail complex.
pippa-anne has also made a Challenge Square. This time it is for our 'Owl Challenge'. As I was saying I didn't know there were so many varieties! All the Squares I am getting in for this Challenge are all so different. I love this little fella and I particularly like the blue background with the stars. It really is lovely pippa-anne thank you!
To oversimplify, I fear that MLS brass see the NFL as the most successful American sports league, and as such seek to copy what the NFL is doing. This has been noted in light of the new unbalanced schedule, but in some cases it also seems that MLS is trying to either co-opt NFL fans, or produce an environment that mimics the NFL and attracts NFL-like fans. So, maybe its only natural that MLS execs are wooing NFL-like fans, or rather who they perceive NFL-like fans to be? Maybe this is the source of the anti-gay, sexist, overly-macho attitude evident through the above-discussed behavior?
Today was more like it!
It's time to board the TROLLEY again. Jump-on and hold tight. We're leaving Breukelen Station and our Destination is the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn. C'mon.
I won't be moving to Savannah, Atlanta, or Lacoste.... At least not now; I will be attending through their E-Learning program for my B.A. in Interactive Design... I am really looking forward to it, and hope that I will even attend some of the events through SCAD.
(I will share those in the next part of the series.)
raising a tin of Budweiser in mutual companionship.
think I know and all that is real to me
He said that, if unchecked, the changes 'will destroy the police service in England and Wales'.
And He wants a daily connection, not a spirituality here, mundane life there kind of experience.
Of a purse well filled, and a heart well tried -
and his friend Frankie :)
It's a pricey fabric, but I only needed a little more than a yard to make two 12x36 lumbar pillows. To help justify the cost of the fabric, I sewed the pillows myself and I'm so proud of the black piping and the invisible zipper. Each side has a different scene (the repeat on this fabric is huge), so I can flip and switch these up to see different flowers and colors. Also, they're fully lined and the inside edges are serged to help them stand up to washings.
Darling, is everything alright?
In the past I would have felt upstate with Eli for not wanting to eat his dinner even as I struggled to eat it too. I would have felt resentment at his 'wasting my money' and even though I would have tried to be cool about it the effects of the resentment would have spilled over into little snippy comments and lack of connectedness between us.
Oh, servants of God, just marinate in the Lord, right now. Allow yourselves to be smothered in Jesus Love for you. Yes, suffocate yourself in His compassion and grace. You are a great woman of God, and a great helpmate to your husbands and to God for the single women. You are a precious jewel because of your strength and integrity to care for your family and make home, a home. Oh, how God loves you. He loves us so much. Surrender the old you and allow yourselves to be transformed into the Masters Hand.
We drank Cuba Libres and danced for hours.
Some influential supporters would not wait any longer for us to make inferences of their character. ANC youth leader Julius Malema is threatening the Constitutional Court with promises to die for Zuma. Not to worry, don't take me literally he avers.
Because my brain was in constant chaos everything around me had to be organized. I became obsessive-complusive about how my cupboards, closets and drawers were organized. I worked through carefully planned routines and unexpected changes often caused panic attacks. I had even created plans B-Z should anything happen to my normal routine. As long as I knew how to react in any given situation and had already planned my actions I could deal with just about anything. Surprise and uncertainty were overwhelming and I could not cope.
Today starts the beginning of the May 2012 Kill, Baby Kill! Eastern U.S. Tour. Theyre starting in Atlanta tonight, going up the East Coast and back to end next week at Secret Stages in Birmingham. If you have friends or family in any of the cities they are hitting, click that link above and help them spread the word.
This is very simple comfort food, on the table in less than 30 minutes. Pinkie promise. By the way, egg noodles or rice would work very well with this steak and gravy.
Cops everywhere outside Selangor club, lounging about smoking etc. Politely this time one said in Malay, 'sorry uncle all roads to LRTs closed'. 'How do we get home?, we asked. He shrugged apologetically and pointed down Jalan Raja Laut. Along the way, helpful people told us the only way out was the commuter train. Sogo, Masjid Jamek, and Pasar Seni LRT stations were all out of bounds.
The mangosteen fruit is about the size of a tangerine. It has a smooth, dark purple rind encasing a snow-white fruit. Limited to tropical zones with abundant rainfall, the mangosteen tree takes 10 years to mature and bear fruit. Fully mature trees can be up to 80 feet tall, and may produce thousands of individual fruits each year. Mangosteen has been used for thousands of years throughout Asia for its health enhancing properties. When Queen Victoria tasted this imported delicacy in the mid-1800s, she promptly declared it her favorite fruit. Since then its been commonly referred to as, Queen of Fruits.
Shoes - Clarks (Wear 1)
The Contour Brush has a slightly doomed, rounded shape. Though I seldom contour, this does fit well in the cheek hollows. I tend to use this for blusher (when I want a pop of colour on the apples on the cheeks) and highlighting.
In adjustment to stop the apparatus and platforms in the Tick Tock Clock, artlessly jump into the alarm if the minute duke is on the 12.
May 15 Phoenix, Arizona - Sound Kontrol (2450 E Chambers St suite 6) w/ Dogbreth & Filardo
The worship teams were well prepared and we enjoyed those moments. BUT the sermons were unbelievably and indescribably encouraging to me. My pastor ordered the DVD set for me so I can watch them over.
Obama Democrats constantly whine that their out-of-control spending is the fault of the Republicans. Sometimes its the bunch that took majority control of the House of Representatives in January 2011. Sometimes its the long-retired former President Bush.
tired but working
Emmerdale: Jeff Hordley and Emma Atkins (Cain Dingle and Charity Sharma)
What arent these players and coaches getting? Is it not clear that the headshotskill shotshave an effect on not just the player on the receiving end, but the defensive player who lands the hit as well? All three of the men mentioned above played on the defensive side of the ball. They were the ones making the big hits.
In a mixing bowl combine water, yeast, sugar and oil. Let sit until frothy. Add in the remaining ingredients (flour 1 C at a time). You know when you have added enough flour when the dough cleans the side of the mixing bowl. Knead for about 5 minutes. The dough will be slightly tacky, don't add too much flour, or you will have tough rolls. Divide the dough in half (wrap the half you aren't using in plastic wrap to keep it from drying out. Roll out into a rectangle 1/4" thick. (roughly 12X8) spread the dough with butter (leaving the far long edge free from toppings at least 3/4" wide) Sprinkle liberally with cinnamon sugar and top with raisins and chopped walnuts. Roll up from the long end closest to you and pinch seam closed. Make evenly spaced markings as a guide to cut into 12 even pieces. Use a long piece of unflavored dental floss to cut the rolls. Slide the floss under the log to the mark you've made. Cross the ends and pull to cut through the dough... no more squished sides! Arrange on one half of a lined jelly roll pan, cut side up and cover with plastic wrap while prepping the second half of the rolls. I put these in my cold garage to keep them from raising too fast.
M- "Really?"
Some red card was embossed and wrapped with a black ribbon, and then the Nestabilities panels were stamped and decorated before being stuck down. The small panel and large red flower were raised on 3D pads, and the finishing touches are the Shapeabilities sponged butterfly and the red gems ( I hope this is OK with ColourQ ??? )
--snookiecollins
Batch #106 was modeled after a recipe that I made over ten years ago. It used Galena hops for bittering weighing in at 13% Alpha Acid. I may actually get better hop utilization these days because I do late additions for lighter colored brews like this one. Only after I tasted that one from the keg did I get the way too bitter flavor and went to my Beer Tools Pro program to work out the recipe. A Bohemian Pilsner should run in the 35-45 IBUs and mine hit 54. This batch is intentionally under-bittered to be able to blend that batch into something drinkable. I am targetting 22-24 IBUs. When I blend, I can make one batch a touch more bitter and the other will be a touch more sweet.
so enter the fluorescents!
If the protesters are asking the government for ANYthing, then it is not at all a hand-out in the sense that our tax dollars pay for it. Big banks and other industry got a huge hand-out in the form of the bail-out dollars and that's ok?? So a hand-out for giant mechanisms that don't use sustainable business practices is ok but individuals needing anything can go screw themselves? There is so much wrong with that I don't know where to start.
Chelsea will be in trouble versus Bayern however, as much of their back line will be suspended from the game. You can bet though, that John Terry will be doing everything he can from the sideline.
Those lovely people at MyMemories.com contacted me earlier this year and offered me the chance to play with their best-selling digital scrapbooking software program  My Memories Suite  then version 2.0. In return, all I have to do is host a giveaway on my blog  my pleasure!
Life can be so uneventful.
In New York, Tibco is working with Con Edison to computerize the underground electrical grid to minimize power failures. When one transformer shuts down, instead of short-circuiting others around it on the grid, it can be immediately isolated.
Luthien seems to like them!
Furthermore, the results of this relentless mindset are indisputable. Presently, Stylez is nominated for five Aboriginal Peoples Choice Music Awards (having won in 2009 for Best Music Video with the track Sugar Cane), while he is also on the list of potential winners for Best Male Artist at the Canadian Aboriginal Music Awards held in Hamilton this November. The list of accomplishments and accolades is endless yet entirely deserved.
So although, the enormous egg did not turn out to be a dinosaur (*sigh*) it did turn out to be a full-sized yummy breakfast, and when youre an adult who *knows* in her heart that dinosaurs really cant come from chicken eggs (or at least acknowledges that no one to this day has definitively proved that that cant happen) sometimes, just sometimes, that pan of eggs can be just as good.
Yes it is.
Pour the batter into your bundt pan and smooth the top with a rubber spatula. Bake about 45-50 minutes (according to the directions but it took me a good 60 minutes for the cake to be done) or until a toothpick inserted in the center comes out clean.
Trista, Herald of the Fel, 4, Alliance
follow us on Twitter @SportsYolk to receive current game scores, article posts, and
E is encouraging me to do something about my (anticipated) outrage. It feels like the right thing to do.
Our frequent travels through China with two young children not only allow us to create family memories that we will cherish for a lifetime, but also allow us to bridge a cultural gap that we may not otherwise be able to cross. We have already hinted a bit about the attention that our little blonde-haired, blue-eyed beauties attract here. However, with the attention comes something that is just as foreign as the crowds that gather to admire them. Something I like to call acquisitions.
A palpable presence........
I sometimes wonder if people stop by to see what bad luck will befall me next. It certainly can't be my mad knitting and spinning skills, lately.
John. The Doctor spoke more firmly trying to gain the mans attention. John finally looked up. Flat seemingly unseeing eyes stared up at him set against an ashen pallor. Dr. Logan suppressed a shiver. Johns eye discoloration unnerved and fascinated the staff. Unnerved because they resembled the eyes of morgue patients. Fascinated because John had perfect 20/20 vision. The orderlies liked to call John dead eyes until Dr Logan over heard a staff member refer to him by the demeaning name and put a stop to it. Dr Logan hated when staff made fun of patients and their maladies and even chastised other Doctors for their insensitive remarks so much, that he was given several less then flattering names as well. All behind his back of course.
"Therefore do not worry about tomorrow, for tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own." Matthew 6:34
Today is Koko's seventh birthday! It's reading week at seminary and Husband is in the process of tearing up the basement's carpet and putting laminate on the floors. He also did a lot of painting. As for me, I was working on birthday pie. It's our family tradition to eat our birthday cake/pie for breakfast.
I find this so incredibly awesome that I can't even stand it. You guys have surely heard about this already, but word on the internets is that photographic proof has been found that Nicolas Cage is a vampire from the Civil War era. I mean, we can't argue with photographic proof, people! Just look at that picture. It's totally Nic Cage as a vampire pretending to be a highly respectful (um, bow tie says it all) and educated thespian from the late 1800s. Totally.
Time has seemed to run away with me this wk and I fell asleep last night earlier than anticipated so I haven't got a card to show you!
thanks for looking,
As I sat by myself in the packed Nuart Theater in Santa Monica, following the end of Melancholia, two striking things occurred to me. First of all, almost everyone in the audience (mostly college-aged young adults) was dumb-founded: this wasnt the thrilling drama I expected and what were Kirsten Dunst and True Bloods Alexander Skarsgrd doing in this film. During the film, a young woman in front of me even turned to her companion sitting next to her and asked what did you bring me to?. The second thing I realized after the film was that Melancholia was a hauntingly beautiful masterpiece and one of the best films I had seen that year, creating a gulf between me and a majority of those sitting in the theater around me.
Drummond's bar began construction on a new building to increase their business..
Deanna L. Galante, 32, New York, N.Y.
-Mira
Do you have to spend time away from your family/friends/husband/loved ones for work? How you do deal with it? Would love to hear your stories.
A few success stories were also shared in the convention. The story of Mr. N K Chaudhary of Jaipur Rugs was extremely heart warming. His passion and genuineness could be both felt and heard. Mr. Suresh Srinivasan of Organic India, gave a quick peek into the organizations purpose and products. Mr. P K Gupta of Cafe Buddys shared his start-up story and his initial experiences with creating low cost cafes. It was interesting and surprising to hear a talk on cost competitiveness from a banker. Mr. Sridharan of SIDBI gave interesting anecdotes which I am sure excited and gave insights to a number of us in the audience on how cost effectiveness can be achieved. Mr. Arumugam of NSIC provided useful information regarding the public procurement policy of the government. Dr. Juneja summed up the key takeaways at the end of the program
Poor hygiene and sanitation have caused numerous disease outbreaks in Zimbabwe in recent years.
The words and arrows are computer generated. The arrows are from a wingding font, printed in size 96 and then cut out and glued down. I sponged cool caribbean ink on the edges of the words and then added an edging with a black marker.
That's all folks, I'd love to have you come back to my little area of the world wide web to read future blog posts - if you haven't already, please consider subscribing, then you'll have my post straight in your in-box (if you can bare it). If you are not already a follower, consider becoming a follower too as I am well overdue a give-away for my blogaversary which happened while I've been busy sorting out. There will be something special for my followers to celebrate this, so it will be my followers that are up for a little something (not sure what it is yet, but I will make it nice)!
He also commented on the impact that this movement is having on our college-age sons and daughters and how imperative it is that we communicate to them the beautiful truths of our faith, especially regarding human sexuality, marriage and human life.
I think all of these are doable. I just wonder how doable they are when you are working full-time AND pregnant.
We rocked until 3am, but could easily have gone for more. As most of the Accidental friends headed back to their homes in South-West London, I alone headed up the road towards North London. Home was a mere ten minutes away and as I attempted to hail a cab, my ears ringing from dancing a little too close to the speakers, I looked around me at Camden; the streets I travel through every day, the places I do my shopping, my part of London. In my shiny leggings, with my vast, fluorescent earrings and heavy make-up, I did not look all that out of place amidst the late-night revellers and goths who wander the streets whatever time of day it is here. For a rock fan there are few places better to be in this city than Camden. And then I did the most rock and roll thing ever; I hopped on the night-bus, with the drunk and those who work night-shifts, and rode home.
(WUAB, of course, is today's Raycom Media-owned MyNetwork TV affiliate.)
I satmped most of the sentiments in Tea Dye distress ink and the darker "Merry Christmas" in Vintage sepia. I don't know if you can make it out but I also stamped the large poinsettia from Year of Flowers: Poinsettia to give a subtle background detail. Nothing like my usual style but I had fun - which IS the point isn't it.
bouncing, sliding, gyrating, with drivers becoming increasingly irate and actually driving faster, on (and in) the treacherous, slidy, slickery mush that sucks at tires, like quicksand, and throws you spinning, like gravel.
"Excuse me?! Do you not :cough: realize :hack: that I'm sick here?" I mean, it doesn't take a genius to realize that:
drool like sewer
Maynooth Jewellers stand to gain a lot from a successful implementation of this system. It is an ideal platform on which to advertise new items of stock and also draw reference to sale items. Also this campaign is highly compatible with use on Facebook and Twitter. Not only will Maynooth Jewellers be reaching those who directly engage with the initiative, all friends of the shop will be able to view the interaction through Maynooth Jewellers profile pages and friends of those who use the system can view the interaction through their home pages and notifications.
My wife commented during the Typhoon a couple of weeks ago, "Why is it that people always get washed away during typhoons?" The sad fact is that of those who have been lost over the last two days, the majority have been men in their 50's to 80's. It is not only sad because of the loss of life, but also because they perhaps should have known better.
We continue to monitor gypsum prices following the announcement by several of the major gypsum producers in late September-early October that they would be ceasing job quotes immediately and increasing prices by 35% in January 2012; see Sharp Rise in Gypsum Prices Likely in New Year. For the time being, prices settled back in November, down a 0.4%, following a 3.0% rise in October  the month of the announcement. A 35% spike would raise price gypsum prices well above their long term trend, to levels last seen near the peak of the housing cycle in 2006. However, prices may not rise the full amount. While four of the manufacturers have indicated that they will raise their prices by 35%, the other four are yet to announce their intentions. Thus, there may be some horse trading, with these four proposing more modest price increases of 15-20% in an effort to gain market share. Nevertheless, gypsum prices will rise sharply in the new year, which will increase the cost of housing construction in what is already a very difficult market for home builders.
Once your water is hot enough, add the vinegar and with a large wooden or slotted spoon swirl the water in a circle making a circular whirlpool like effect. Slowly drop your egg into the water and cook for about 3 minutes. Remove with slotted spoon. Repeat with remaining eggs.
Much of Sendak's work was issued by Harper, a publisher notorious for making their edition statements very unclear. The only way to identify copies of his second most-requested work, IN THE NIGHT KITCHEN, is check prices, numbers, and blurbs on the dustjacket; the edition of the BOOK ITSELF cannot be identified. Hanrahan lists this one from $100-$225, but today it's worth well over $1000.
Essentially, an interval workout pushes the body farther, but not for extended periods of time. A short, but effective sprint in the case of the runner can maximize workout time and increase calorie burning.
Tag your face just to rub it in
Most people put off themselve too soon when they see the word exercise. Indeed, according to our weight loss experience, exercise is not a must but it is a better element if you wish to achieve a better result.
Largely below the radar, councils have now discovered all sorts of other ways in which they can take money off us, by levying charges, fees and penalties for countless things which used to be free or at least very much cheaper  some of which are actually illegal.
160g cold water
BREAKFAST SHOW (RADIO 1)
The feeling of an impossibly tiny hand grasping my finger with the grip of a wrestler........
His hypothesis is that lots of fish born in Lake Huron are coming over to feed in Lake Michigan.
Giving in to the temptation of a perkier model doesn't make Trump a bad man. But it doesn't make him a good one, either. This is what used to be known - quaintly - as "the character question". A man's character doesn't interest modern culture that much any more. Bulk media prefer narcissism and self-expression to doing the right thing and selflessness. Unfortunately, where television dwells, so go the people. Mostly, anyway.
Top 5 movies of all time: Dont know about all time, but ones that spring to mind are To Kill a Mockingbird; Burnt by the Sun; Grosse Point Blank; North by North West and a German film called Farewell, Stranger about a couple who had an intense affair while not sharing a language.
Stone Brewing Co. Stone Old Guardian Barley Wine Style Ale 2006
BIG CHRIS: That includes blasphemy as well. Now tell me, John . . .
k) all of the above
See a wordy-looking tag attached to the hamper? The tag contains a thank you note for making time for the event on one side and the other side being steps and tips on how to puree baby food.
I did hear that cabal insiders have already planted demolition charges to blow up a large number of critical bridges and runways  isolating various geographical regions and causing food shortages for a period of time.
9/25/2008 - Asheville, NC - the Orange Peel
This type of group makes sense to me since, I often would like to add more artists to SpookyTimeJingles but cannot due to size constraints. When a marketplace gets too large in size it causes the viewer to lose interest because their is too much content to take in. Hence the reason for our 6+month wait list to join us plus we just do not have a lot of turnover.
A graduate student once told me that our immune systems strengthen during times of acute stress (i.e. finals week) and then crash when the stress period ends. Perhaps there is some truth to this?
There are other signs, as well. Calculated Risk reports the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia has released the coincident indexes for the 50 states for March 2012. In the past month, the indexes increased in 48 states, decreased in one state (Rhode Island), and remained stable in one state (South Dakota), for a one-month diffusion index of 94.
The decline among whites and increase in other groups in California is a long-standing trend, Johnson said.
Its a great way of exposing your best work to Watchers Council readers and Council members, while grabbing the increased traffic and notoriety. And how good is that, eh?
The Loosh will not finish the year at this school, probably not even the semester, and for that I admit I'm relieved. French school is an impressive thing. Lucien has a nice group of friends and speaks effortless, accent-less French. People have been kind to us and it's been our most profound cultural experience in Paris. Still, it's not the best place for our son. We need less rigidity, more "hey, anyone have any creative ideas about how to peel Lucien off the ceiling?"
They really went all out in customizing a pork dish so that Daniel could eat it on his special no-carbs diet. They sauteed the pork slices and place them atop steamed veggies, replacing the usually cabbage in the dish. Silver noodles, rather than rice were provided as a side since they are very low-carb, being made out of mung bean sprouts. Daniel was quite impressed and said that it is better than any Thai food he's tried in Berkeley. It may be tiny (the kitchen and dining room are equal in size), but it packs a punch!
Those people are full of shit. They would probably also choke on their words if I ever went and found them in their stuffy offices and shoved my Masters degree in their faces. Alas, thats neither here nor there, just dont listen to those people. Back to my theories.
In an 8-9" springform pan, arrange cookies flat, covering the bottom of the pan. Then spread a thin layer of chocolate espresso cream. Repeat the process until you have 5 layers, ending with cream on top.
It frightened me, Myrddin. The dream. I cannot bear to be without you, or to have you hurt.
Vegetable oil, 2 table spoons
History Buzz February 10, 2012: Peniel Joseph: Stetson University presents civil rights / social justice lecture by historian History Buzz February 10, 2012: William C. Harris & Elizabeth D. Leonard: 2012 Gilder Lehrman Lincoln Prize Awarded Books That Explore Lincolns Relationship with Border States, Jag Joseph Holt White House Recap February 4-10, 2012: The Obama Presidencys Weekly Recap  President Obama Hosts Second Annual White House Science Fair & Hails Housing Agreement with Banks over Mortgage Fraud & Abuses Full Text February 10, 2012: President Barack Obamas Speech Announces New Policy Compromise on Contraception Health Plan Coverage Rule
13. Made 15 trips to the hospital for immunoglobulin infusions. Yeah St. Louis University Hospital!
This movie is incredibly tender (amongst all the brattiness and foul profanity). It is a real THEOLOGY OF THE BODY movie (with reservations) in more ways than one. First of all, Matts wife, Elizabeth, is in a coma for the entire movielying there in her hospital bed. And everyone TALKS to her because its HER and EVERYONE knows that. Elizabeth IS her body, her body IS Elizabethright till one of the closing shots (dont wanna spoil).
Maybe a movie night and goodies bags with things like their workbook,water toys,card games ,etc.Ideas are welcomed!!!
The next weekend was also pretty exciting. We decided that since Lauren was one and because we didn't have any food allergies that we would give her a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch. I jokingly told Brian that I wanted him home because I didn't think I could handle a trip to the ER alone if she had a reaction. I'm SOOO glad he was home, because, sure enough, she had an allergic reaction. She looked like this...and the picture doesn't do it much justice.
I knew that I wanted to surround the bird stamp in flowers and the best way to achieve that was patterned paper. Using Basic Grey's Konnichiwa, I was able to add all of the roses in the background.
He turned into the rest stop that the roadside signs had been announcing for the last ten miles. He pulled in between the painted parking lines in front of a convenience establishment. Of special interest were the flashing neon letters spelling out "fresh-brewed coffee."
Start up weight Sumatra, is a crisp satay false from marinated offensive skin.
Zeph? Zephyr? Was Zeph here? Im fine, I replied.
613 D-III/29/1971. A Lecture Against Lectures: Some Suggestions for Faculty Seminars. American Association of University Professors Chapter, Rosary College, River Forest, Illinois.
Sepawi is also Chairman and major shareholder of the construction giant Naim Cendara (in receipt of major government contracts), Chairman and major shareholder of Ta Ann one of the largest plantation and logging companies (given huge lands by Taib), Chairman and major shareholder of Sarawak Plantation Bhd (in receipt of vast plantation licences). Crucially, he is also as Treasurer of PBB (putting him in charge of all the money in the chief political party). Then there are all the key associations representing peoples interests that Sepawi is also Chairman of, such as the Oil Palm Plantation Owners Association. He is also Chairman of the Board of Sarawak Enterprise. The list continues.
My Chicken Curry
There is all kinds of things I have to worry about....and apparently am.
Eventually, the CD made its way to the entertainment center cabinet. The toy, an extremely annoying toy, made it to the basement. (Ive kept it for sentimental reasons.) And the book, well, I kept it out for my 9-year-old son, who had read it a few years back but is rarely sick, and maybe he would want to read it again sometime soon. So heres this really old book just jumping around the house for the last two months
If you're not a follower already, we'd love to have you join in the fun, though it's not a requirement. We're not daily bloggers, but we strive to make sure our content is of the highest quality and that it inspires you!
"The Rabbit & The Lion" has clear jangle to the guitar and a choppier rhythm that's searching for a larger loop to appear. Tis one has this vague ominous religious feel talking about a rabbit or a lion. This one has a bunch of big, together changes that are almost showing off! Distortions of all flavors poking through for a second ....made by a nice bunch of people.
I have a little wish regarding Rufus summer tour: He is starting a wide-scale tour, actually as of yesterday 30 April opening with aLondon concert; covering homelandCanada, US, andEurope. I wish he would fit aTurkey concert somewhere within one of the little empty parts of the schedule (anywhere in June or July before he goes back to US), or that I find the chance to listen to him live somewhere along the tour. If he comes, that would be his second visit toTurkey after the 2008 concert that I unfortunately missed. I cannot bear to miss him another time.
Alan continued on saying that the energy of ease is universally available, but some people have found a way to access and use it.
in my vision. in my mind.
Fast forward to Friday night. After a train ride, and an early arrival, we finally are seated at our table. It's a little after nine, as I casually unfold the white napkin onto my lap. As I glance to the table in front, I spy a familiar face.
Tom Tom Club Genious of love AUS
You should have a ball that looks like this:
Extra Stages
Because I have a marvellous thing to say,
These fixtures took me way too long to find. I saw plenty I liked, but they cost much more than I wanted to spend. I finally ended up at Arcadian Lighting. Their prices were by far the lowest I found, and so far the quality of the fixtures seems very good. And I think our house looks pretty happy with itself, don't you?
Matthew Bourne works heavily with concept. He is incredibly aware of the setting and period of his work. This always sits well with my one foot in the theatre camp approach to dance. For the Nutcracker the setting is that of an orphanage, which then becomes a lake and finally sweetyland. Each of these environments lends itself to very different styles of movement  the rigidity of orphans drilled to perform for visitors moves to sweeping ice dance swirls which is topped by the fabulously camp array of sweet based characters. the concepts are strong and the set design does every moment justice. My favourite set had to be the wedding cake  each tier provided a platform for hollywood musical style leg swinging. Followed closely by the entrance to sweetyland, the giant glittering mouth guarded closely by the Humbug Bouncer.
They are two very personal LPs and probably too melancholic and introspective for openly belonging to some tipical 70s american singer-songwriter. They have a great sense of melody and some sort of slow passion. Also, Tom Parker's orchestrations give them a special warmth. In "Spilt Milk" we can find de immediate feeling of "Beat The Reaper", the amplitude of "Five Leaves Left" (not the one of Nick Drake), the vaudeville of the charming "Pigeons", or the colour of "Inside You". In "Colorado Kid" we find "You Are My Inspiration", the song Carole King never wrote, and dwelling also there there's the magnitude of "Heavenly Band", the intimacy of "You Can Fly Me To The Moon" (echoes of Laura Nyro on that chorus...), or the greatness of "You Be The Tide, I'll Be The Bay" (with the floating psychedelic sitar of Mal Luker, ex - The Smoke).
Ok, not completely MIA, but definitely off grid.
When a lender decides to make a loan and deliver that loan to the investors such as FNMA/FHLMC; they have to provide some evidence to off set the risk factors before these loans are eligible to deliver to them. For instance if you have a middle representative score which is 650, (older credit issues which are isolated) and your loan to value if 90% but the borrower will have 50k in savings after closing which can be liquidated; this is considered an offset for approving the 650 score.
It is important to separate fact gathering and feedback from strategy development from full-scale strategic planning (or road mapping). These are three separate and distinct activities. Fact gathering and feedback puts you in touch with customers and into listening mode; strategy development involves developing a core functionality enveloped in the larger business plan of the firm, and road mapping is more analytical as you outline the details of how to deploy strategy on a day-to-day or monthly basis.
The Festival features signature programs including the Filmmaker Retreat, Ford Amphitheater Outdoor Screenings, Poolside Chats, and more. The Festival also screens short films by high school students and has a section devoted to music videos.
The director said that officers
Are you calling out for me?
I absolutely love Bears, so will have great fun.
For a while it worked. Then enough of you started paying attention.
He doesnt really suit my play-style, so I dont use him. He needs to be too far behind the main lines, and he cant hold his own in a fight, which are both aspects that I cant really cope with in an army general.
*Based on my risk factors, it's actually a very safe choice for me.
They sell tickets for the tubing area in 2-hour blocks. We bought tickets for the 1:30 to 3:30 slot. After eating our lunch, we actually started tubing about 2 p.m., so we were on the tubing runs for an hour and a half. In that time, I think we probably flew down the hill about 7 times.
We did a bit of shopping between us; I got myself a lamp for 3 and some comfy pumps for 5. Apart from Morrisons we were feeling really hot as it was a very humid day. Dec and I walked to town and we walked back again! Dec bought some little army men to play with  those you kind of see on toy story, plastic and green  well he was happy and I was happy, success!
From the darkest shadows of Gotham Stables, it's Silverbat and his trusty sidekick My Little Pony! Join them on their many confusing, girly adventures as they confound criminals and Butch Cavendish alike. Look in the sky: The Bat/Horse signal pierces the night! The Kaped Crusader and Palomino Wonder are off to the rescue!
whether I make it audible
Self doubt - Stop it! (some of the best advice ever thanks to Pres. Uchtdorf)
3. Toast in oven to attain desired texture. It shouldnt take longer than 5 minutes. It will give you the nice charred effect, plus a hint of crunchiness.
Marathon of thoughts
In other words, Rheticus work on Copernicus wasnt singled out by the Indexrather, all of his works were proscribed. And the Index says explicitly why Rheticus's works were there and, lo and behold, it had absolutely nothing to do with heliocentrism, but rather was due to his connection with Protestant scholars. Now it seems hard to believe that Bob didnt read the last half of that sentence. So why did he choose to omit it in Galileo Was Wrong or in this most recent discussion with me? Why would he continue to give the reader the impression that the works of Rheticus were put on the index because of their Copernican ideas and then go on to accuse me of dishonesty in supposedly suppressing information from the reader?
Take risks and face your fears.
Excuse me, I have five pages. May I use the Xerox machine because I have to make some copies?
Little Soldier initially offered a $5,000 reward for any information leading to the arrest and conviction of those involved, but said the reward has grown as others have called to add additional monies. He said the reward had reached $45,000 Monday night and continued to grow.
True, there are a lot of questions and a lot more new ones may evolve over time. But, lets take a step back. Eight years ago, when 19-year-old Mark Zuckerberg was building TheFacebook product, even he wasnt aware that it would grow to be what it is today and perhaps much bigger in the future. He probably didnt envision building a social networking site just to benefit mankind but had thoughts of making money off of it, as any youngster venturing out at that age would. Its an undeniable fact that Facebook, as it is today is the result of investments and hard work from all those in line to gain from its IPO. There have been and are other companies in the same space that have not tasted similar success. Well deserved, indeed. And of course, scores of people like you and me are the reason FB is such a big success today.
Not until I'm ready to hear it.
About Erin: Erin Healy is an award-winning fiction editor who worked with Ted Dekker on more than a dozen of his stories before their collaboration on KISS and BURN. Her new novel NEVER LET YOU GO released in May 2010. She owns WordWright Editorial Services, a consulting firm specializing in fiction book development.
Its live, its love, its He
And they postulate in the liberal corners - but they do nothing to stop it.
Standard of Fear
147 6. Why We Need Access to Our Public Records. Chicago Tribune, July 23, 1976, sec. 2, p. 4. (Source: Item A-5, above.)
Also, I am teaching myself hip hop through you tube. It is so fun and has sort of taken over my life. (when I am not seeing to my kids' needs, cleaning the house, making meals, or working on art projects, that is).
In the meantime I returned to work driving over the road again and tried to move on with my life. My family and friends moved on with their lives. I talked less and less about my experience with cancer. I felt like my family was uncomfortable with me talking to others about it. I started keeping it all inside and not telling others my story afraid I might offend someone. I even had someone say that all I had to do was get it cut out and get over it. This was a nurse saying this. I had people looking away from me when they found out I was a survivor. I felt and still feel like people are afraid of me.
The breakdown of three different music videos molded together into one was a great throwback to my childhood. The updated infamous red pleather jumpsuit was a great touch. The Glee rendition starts by clearly emphasizing Heather Morriss great body in the traditional Slave 4 U outfit accompanied by the yellow boa and dually setting the scene with John Stamos and the nude/rhinestone costume (if you can call it that) leaving little of Heather Morris to the imagination.
No! I am too scared to have a gun in my house. I have 3 sons and I think if they would find a gun they would probably play with it and shoot someone on accident.......I hope they wouldn't but I am too scared to take the chance.
The surgical table had these separate arm rests that stuck out from the side of the table. It felt like I was walking to my crucifixion. I would have to lay there and get strapped into this table. WTF!
I was, of course, kidding (mostly kidding) and whether it stuck unconsciously in his head this year I dont know because while I (thankfully) didnt get the stuffed animal or the chocolates, I did get a quite incredible and memorable Valentines Day. This year, apparently, we celebrated for real.
I post "Favorite Resources" on Fridays, but the link-up remains open through the following Thursday, so you can link any time. You can link your post below. Please include our blog button (HTML code is on our sidebar), or a text link back here, in your post. Thanks so much for linking up and sharing...I am looking forward to reading everyone's posts!!
So, I suggest that I provide to you the Top 10 Men that We Should All Be Grateful For In Terms of Sheer Yumminess (BESIDES George Clooney, who is clearly the Apex Of All Things That Are Smokin' Hot; Amen):
I always keep foolishly giving people more and more who offer nothing in return but a distinct taste of dissatisfaction.
In Scotland, concerns have been expressed by charities and campaign groups over a similar stunt using the highly alcoholic cinnamon-flavoured schnapps Aftershock instead of vodka.
If one member of a family has been diagnosed with Lupus, other members of their immediate and extended family should be alert to possible symptoms of lupus About 5 percent of the children born to individuals with lupus will develop the illness. 20 percent of people with lupus will have a parent or sibling who already has lupus or may develop lupus.
I hope this post finds you well & enjoying a FABULOUS weekend....!
This is done with due cognisance to micro and macro-economic climate; availability of necessary skills; desirability and overall anticipated impact on the longevity of the going concern.
At about 8 AM, I was studying for my upcoming Second Year B.Com. exams, tension writ large on my face. I was scared of Taxation and Business Laws, and no amount of preparation was enough to make me feel confident about these two subjects. I had just about finished reading the definition of a contract when the bed I was sitting on began to rock like a boat. Now, my bed back home at Ahmedabad is a big one, and quite heavy, and I couldnt see any reason for its rocking except for my dad shaking it just to irritate the hell out of me, as he often used to do when I was studying, to get me out of the panic attack that I used to work up. Dad, stop it!, I yelled, and looked up from my book to give dad a piercing glare. Only to find no one near me. I couldnt believe my eyes.
Garlic, 5 cloves, chopped finely
One of the most amazing things I learned, was a new technique for coloring lilacs. (I LOVE lilacs) When Colleen told us how to do it and Marianne demoed it, I thought they were both insane. But it works. I'll have to post a pic when I finish my image.
Note that even when applying an aggregate function such as MIN or AVG to a UNION ALL that has an empty-set leg, you might not see the 01003 SQLSTATE code, depending on the tool you're using to issue the query. That's because some tools, such as the DB2-supplied SPUFI, report warning as well as error SQLSTATE codes associated with statement execution, while some others, including some PC-based tools, report (by default) only error SQLSTATE codes, and as I mentioned previously, the 01003 SQLSTATE is FYI information, not error information.
We've come for the bar menu of course, and are dismayed to find that even at 6pm, every table is taken. There's no waiting list, a waitress tells us, so we're forced to hover around the dining area until we eventually pounce on a departing table. You can make reservations for tables if you call in advance - we're definitely doing that the next time we visit.
 August (1)
The idea is information overload. Ive read that simply making even a small decision causes the brian and body stress. A small amount of stress, but still, stress. As does the shear volume of information the brian takes in, in a day.
if were good at anything  poetry,
Thankfully I survived, and so did all my kids.
Excuse me for not laughing. Our father's justice gets closer, and I'm on a sugar-free diet.
Reno King Lawrence.
I think I'll let you watch the video first - I couldn't watch it in one sitting. In fact, I had to take off and head to the nearest leash-free park with my dogs for a bit, before coming back to complete it. I suggest having a piece of paper next to you so you can record down your thoughts when they strike you.
But the definition of space head includes being a hopeless dreamer as well, and my fondest wish is that well someday realize that its just not wise to keep all our eggs in this one basket. After all, space is a dangerous place  even when your ship is as big as the Earth. Besides, conquering the unconquerable is in our nature. I also think its good for the soul.
After deployment the armies advanced. One single change I did for the solitaire rules was that instead of creating groups every turn with figures 10cm from each other, Id simply activate groups of similar figures. The table being so small, I could probably get away with very little groups with the original mechanism, so I simply decided all similar troops were a group for the whole battle. So I dealt one card for trolls, one for dwarf archers, one for goblins with shield, one for the goblins with spears (reinforcements), etc.
Increase NGDP and employment, incomes and taxes would increase, many intractable problems would vanish (though many would not). There are risks and there are methodological problems, but there huge gains for everyone if they right policy is adopted and I want to do my part to try and make sure the right policy is adopted.
Thank you SO MUCH, friends at Boulevard. The Big Stout was awesome, and I am so happy to hear that you all are working on new artisan beers to add to the Smokestack Series over time. It was cool to be included in that process, even to a small degree.
6:00-6:15 Break
The ostensible reason for the investor excitement is the companys acquisition in February of Healthcare Distributions Specialists LLC, which the company describes as a value-added distributor of hard-to-find and specialty drugs.
Elegance was his gut.
Good luck on your journey to cloth! It is well worth it in the end!!
singer: You dont say!!!
With this competition, however, comes an obsessive need to be right. A Sagittarius will break hearts and balls over an idea. Theyre like Artemis, who, after catching Actaeon looking at her while she was bathing, turned him into a stag to be ripped apart by his own dogs. Artemis took the idea of virginity so seriously that she was willing to kill over the tiniest insult to it. In fact, if she found out that one of her nymphs had slept with a man, even through rape, she would kill her. This is the darkest side of Sagittarius.
What are you waiting for? Go set it up!
Hi, hello. Nice to be back. You mean writing-wise, or just generally in the life? Writing-wise, it's been all about short stories for the last few years. But I see I'll be talking about that below. Erm, what else... I did a lot of readings for Even The Dogs. I was shortlisted - twice - for the BBC National Short Story Award, and came
A growl came from somewhere deep inside him. My body ignited before his mouth even touched mine. When he pulled back, I gasped at the wicked smile playing on his lips. Only you, Eri.
They would put out the motorboat to tow the schooner. You can imagine how far we would get in a day with a small boat towing a big schooner. When we crossed the Strait of Belle Isle, it was so calm the men put the oars out and started rowing. We all looked forward to that wonderful day when we would reach home. Each day brought us a little closer. We never despaired, thinking of the joyful reunion we would have with our families who were anxiously awaiting our return. My boyfriend was also anxiously awaiting. Tears of joy were shed that sixth day of October when we sailed in the harbour. Mom had a beautiful supper prepared for us, with bakeapples for dessert. To meet up with my boyfriend that night was an experience of homecoming one could not forget. Uncle Sam Wicks's wife had a new baby the day we came home. So after spending one day at home, I went over to help my aunt take care of her family for a few days. I was hoping to go to St. John's in the fall, but it looked hopeless for me. Our schooner had been so late getting home, and it would be very late before they had their fish ready to take to St. John's. However, the Silver Jubilee had been home early, and ready to take their fish in. It would be the first trip to St. John's for the Silver Jubilee and a couple of the Matthews women were going and asked me to come along. I gladly accepted and we had a very enjoyable trip. I worried about Dad and the crew of the Polly Bee having to travel so late in the fall. However, God took care of them and they made it back safely. I was married to Walter Matthews at the age of eighteen, in St. Andrew's Church on Silver Fox Island, on June 5, 1936. We didn't have much of this world's goods or a big wedding, or large gifts as people get today. But we loved each other and love covers it all. I remember the day I walked down the church aisle with the man I loved. I felt like the happiest person in the whole world.
My dear, wonderful, lovely, passionate, feisty but hurting in ways I don't think anyone could truly understand, mother has passed away. My Momma who always listened to me and has been there for me, even if we were "fighting" always said that she would watch my daughter for my husband and I, because she never really trusted anyone else to do the best job that she could do. Someone that would jump on the bandwagon, when my feelings were hurt or if it looked like I was taken advantage of from someone. A person that made it all better, when I hurt. Weather it was with medication or just getting me a wet washrag and putting it on my forehead when I was sick. Someone that was there at the hospital after giving birth to my own daughter and basically *saved* my life, so I could be a mother today. Someone that I want here with me right now, but can't be. Someone that I know, is in a much better place, but it still sucks for those that loved her and are left behind.
- Salt, to taste
Artwork to see, sell or buy, from various artists such as:
So tonight I raise a glass to Jason Hiles, thank him for the laughs and friendship, and send him into literary limbo. For now. He'll be back.
There are loads of good variety acts playing the Piazza in Londons Covent Garden every week and there is a third tier to the annual Edinburgh Fringe, which no-one ever seems to mention. There are the paid-for Fringe venues plus the two organisations offering free venues plus the free street theatre with which Edinburgh is awash throughout August.
(Sept 08)
Yorkshire and Humberside had been seen as a secondary consideration and yet Andrew Brons got a higher vote than the Chairman. But Head Office was more concerned with getting money into seats where key officers were candidates, rather than looking at where the most votes were likely to come from! By this time we were into an annual income of something like 2 million and yet branches and groups had to give up money to finance the European elections. Head Office should have paid for it and left the branches and the groups to conserve their finances for local elections. The Party had lost the plot with its misjudged priority of pumping millions into the Northern Ireland office. It was if we were about to be a key player in government. And yet we hadnt won over-all control of a single council- or even a parish.
If youve been reading, you know the answer.
Compliment the author.
Six new city blocks were created on the rubble of the old and most of the buildings were finished in 1918. But the first section of the new thoroughfare, the actual roadway, was completed a year earlier. And in honour of the mayor already so well commemorated on the plaque at its beginning, the street was named in his honour.
I would like to endorse Caryls position (disclosure: Caryl spoke to me when he was writing the piece) and offer my own personal view that NATOs intervention in Libya was a mistake (Caryl does not state this view and my views on that point are mine alone). I felt at the time of the intervention that it was a bad move and I believe subsequent events have added weight to that perspective. It is important to assess the outcome of the intervention in Libya both for an understanding of events in North Africa and the Sahel but also because future interventions will be debated, and undertaken, some of them on the premise that Libya represents a success.
International gangsterism goes hand-in-hand with economic and political criminality at home. Aggression abroad is inseparable from the merciless assault on the living standards and basic rights of broad masses of working people in Europe, America and virtually every major country. While workers are everywhere being told that there is no money to pay for jobs, education, health care, pensions or vital social services, billions are expended to bomb and invade Libya with no questions asked.
Bristol the Pistol Palin STILL hasn't been voted off DWTS? Despite having the lowest scores for the last four or five weeks? Craziness.
1 tins
And it seems her addiction to having the perfect shoes for each occasion has turned it into a profession as Cheryl collaborated with online fashion website stylistpick.com designing a range of shoes.
inspire our stewardship,
She gags with the foul odor in the makeshift prison. The room starts to spin. A shadow within shadows stirs six feet away. The ominous clink of a chain slithers on the far side of the cellar floor. Fettered at the ankle by the same chain someone, or something, pulls her closer...
The present writer believes that the way to go is to reinforce the aam admi Hindu, the traditional acharyas, gurus and maths, rather than undermining them by subtle methods and often openly downgrading them in various ways. They have been the backbone of our civilisation. We tinker with them at our own peril. Protecting them and preserving them is the task for contemporary Hindus. This can and should be accompanied by a determined effort to defeat the enemy, rather than accommodate him/her. Some writers have argued that Hindus are being exposed on a daily basis to Western ideas and so why not be prepared for this onslaught by further exposure? In the opinion of the present writer this is a mistaken strategy, because it invites a new kind of Macaulayism. Macaulay effected his strategy of enslaving Hindus to Western thought by fiat. Malhotra and Clooney have adopted a different strategy, that of Hindu Christian Dialogue, in which the Hindu is programmed into thinking that he or she is obligated to engage with the adversary, in the interests of some higher cause.
In 1977 The All New Super Friends Hour debuted, with the hour divided into four segments. The first segment would feature two superheroes, the second segment featured the Wonder Twins, the third segment used all the Super Friends to save the day and the final segment featured one superhero and a guest star, showing off their unique super ability.
Asleep Rising
I wanted to continue my look into phrasal verbs. This is such a tricky area of English for my intermediate and early advanced language learners. I wanted to learn more about them and share what I discovered. I found out that there are 3 types of multi-word verbs: phrasal verbs, prepositional verbs and phrasal-prepositional verbs.
Despite not running Kaiser Half I attended my triathlon club's track practice this past Wednesday. I told coach Dorette Franks that I would be busy all January and part of February getting ready for her and I communicated the same to my friends who were wondering why I've been absent. Sure, sure I could show up to track practice out of shape and use those workouts to help get me into shape but what a waste of time. I can run around my neighborhood anytime but if I'm going to go out of my way to run track I want to be in shape to take advantage of the workout. I respect speed work, it hurts and can raise the potential for injury if you're not prepared. I jogged over the four miles to Kezar Stadium to get warmed up and despite feeling anxious about my fitness had a superb track workout. It was nothing long; 2 x 400's with 15 second rest in between, 3 x 800's with 45 seconds rest in between and we did that set twice. One minute rest between the sets of 400's and 800's. For those who are not familiar with track, 400 meters is one lap and 4 laps is roughly a mile. I didn't pay too much attention to my time for the 400's but every 800 was faster than the previous one. As I hurt and got tired I somehow kept moving faster and faster which was a surprise - it didn't feel like it, just the opposite. I was smiling every time I finished an 800. I was ecstatic after the workout because it showed I was on the right track and the back down week did it's job. I felt good about my progress and jogged happily the last four miles home day dreaming about this year's races. We had about 50 or so people for the workout which is huge for our club and there must have been another couple of hundred of people working out with us. I liked the crowd, so much energy. Booo on the two runners who would run really slowly on the inside lane. You're supposed to yell "track!" to clear the way and slower runners should move to the right but I hate doing that. They probably just didn't know.
Just a baking note: when I made the batch I photographed above, I forgot to pat down the loaves prior to baking. As a result, I got some cracked tops. If you follow the directions, your cookies will look better than mine. Otherwise, the only thing I didn't do according to the directions was preheat the oven at the beginning. I never do this because my new oven only takes 7 minutes to heat to temperature, so I begin preheating when the dough is on the baking sheets. Also, I turned the oven off between the bakings for the same reason. Your oven may be different, so heat as you see fit.
We talked for a little bit about the website he was creating for his History Fest extravaganza, and then I asked the question that had been nagging me for a long while: "So, have you been playing your harp much?" There was a long, guilty silence. "Ummm..." Jack began. I know he's been busy. I know he's making life wonderful for countless people with all his entertaining doings (case in point: he's taking a group of church youth group students to a reservation in South Dakota this weekend to put on a History Fest entertaining / learning opportunity for the children there).
(1) All you need to do from this point is to press the 'PAY NOW' button below to make payment and reserve your seat.
I guess these movies happened. I recall a guy pooping in a golf bunker. I recall a girl dressing up like a doll. I recall an Asian man making coffee, and Christoph Waltz being a bad guy. Thats about it.
Angelia
and happiness, later turning to uneasiness, doubt, and fear.
Yeah pretty much.
So how have I managed this . . . I remove the moss that sits atop the soil under the two African Violets and soak it for at least 10 minutes. I then drizzle a very tiny bit of water (carefully avoiding the leaves) on the soil, and replace the moss back where it was. I also place the plant near a window but not directly in front of it and rotate it ever week to ensure all sides of it are receiving a bit of Mother Nature.
We've been planning this big Oktoberfest party for over a year. Late last summer we had a long meandering conversation about having a big party in our backyard with beer and sausages on the grill and how we could finally use our outdoor firepit and how wonderful it would be to celebrate our favorite month, October. This party has been in the back of my mind since then. It's been really really big, and then a little more manageable, and now it is almost here. I'm very excited.
One of the chapters in my book is called, Turn Off the News. At the end it has some suggestions for how to get started going Free-Range, including, Get up and go out. Spend that hour you were going to watch Law and Order on a walk with the kids instead. Look around at all the unspeakable crimes not being committed. This is called the Real World. (Not to be confused with MTVs version, which is a crime all its own.)
- See the Christmas lights
It looks like you all had alot of fun with our Distressing theme :)
I pre-wash all the fabric I use so to ensure no shrinkage.
The bad news: We bought a time share this weekend.
So I created these ULTIMATE collections of new Slides and Ladders games for my students to practice their addition and subtraction facts. They don't even need flash cards!
I'm actually very optimistic about the future: technology is advancing rapidly; we have plenty of fossil fuels to keep us going while we develop new energy sources like thorium nuclear reactors; there are a lot of new agricultural developments which will help feed the burgeoning population; human beings are far more inventive and adaptable than the doom mongers ever give us credit for. Of course the cities in Mortal Engines are societies which can't adapt and face all sorts of looming energy and environmental problems as a consequence, but it was never meant to be some pious eco-parable. There are way too many of those about already!
It is amazing how something that seems so silly can mean such a big step for someone for whom it was impossible to go out without a mask.
I need all the help and support I can get so please, please pass the link to this post far and wide, itll be greatly appreciated and we might even save our right to freedom of speech before its too late.
I'll be having my first tapping at The Alcatraz on December 16th at 6:30pm. My "Penitentiary Pilsner" is a Czech Pilsner with just the right balance of Ida Pils and Carapils malts along with Saaz hops. Stop by to try this easy drinking golden pilsner.
They have even attempted to blackmail Green campaigners, saying that if they dont stop exposing Ta Anns misleading advertising then they will sabotage the Forest Agreement, worth so many millions to their own state!
Our own little slice of heaven in Taize.
After posting todays Money Matters on Identity Theft and discussing social security numbers, WordPress immediately deactivated our blog! Their automatic anti-spam controls believed the blog was trying to not only spam the blogosphere but also phish for peoples information. I say, great job!
The school is a fine arts school with a modern building. All colors, not like the institutional schools I remember, with a big green staircase rising past three stories of windows through which you can see the downtown skyline. The classrooms are all open. They have a Mac lab with video and music-editing software.
My girls were absolutely horrified. And I must admit that I was a little upset by it as well. Though I do understand the need for protecting one's produce, I just hate the thought of killing cute little animals, annoying as they can be. (Of course, I did have very different thoughts for a certain gray squirrel last year around this time...) Besides, our Chippy was the closest thing we had to a pet.
The number of times i've served a nip of bells and a half of John smiths boggles the mind but i do beleive this is the start of some if not beautiful at the very least intoxicating. So with this new hunt ill be posting any good pairing for whisky or bourbon with light beers in the future and maybe even the odd individual whisky review.
all things merry aside, i have something to show you. i stumbled upon this gem today and must share it with you. it is called, the Cat Lovers Diary. apparently, this person bought this book and got a free surprise. someone had filled it out already! who, you might ask? a 36 year-old woman with three cats in 1988, thats who!
Good morning dear reader! If you stopped by today to hang out and read about the wonderful breakfast we have planned and the totally awesome workout we will be doing later? Now is a good time to scurry along and live vicariously through another blog-o-thingy. AuthenticityWe love your cute little pictures of the charming breakfast you put together just as much as the next peep. Is it really you? Were saying its not and the sooner we all agree to this the sooner we can press on
That whips around the posts of my gate
Working with Steve Evetts was such an incredible opportunity for us, says guitarist Nick Lambert. Steve produced some of the most influential and important albums for all of us in this band, so having him be the one steering the ship on this album was just mind blowing. He definitely helped us put together an album that we really feel is exactly how Vanna was always meant to sound!
through summer days
Number of Pages: 256
'Cause there's no comfort in the waiting room
"Time wounds all heels."
"But does it need to be notarized? Like...(my norwegian words were failing me here)...you know...official like?"
In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with a paddle attachment beat the butter until very light and fluffy, about 5 minutes. Add the icing sugar and beat on low speed until the butter and sugar are combined. The mixture will be very thick. Add the Irish Cream and beat until very smooth.
I work with a guy who used to work in the police dept., & I wondered, after reading this news -- maybe that's why he changed careers, because he saw this coming, & realized there was a significant percentage of the local population that he does not want to see without any of their clothes on.
Over the first seven years of the agreement (2003-2009), Brazil ran an automotive surplus with Mexico worth a total of about US$10 billion, according to the Mexican government. Brazil was happy when Brazil had a trade surplus with Mexico, but over the last three years, Mexico has had the surplus so the Brazilians have pushedMexico to restrict its exports, notes Barbara Kotschwar, research associate at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.
I agree with Sam that drawing skills can be useful to an engineer (or anyone), but my own drawing skills are awful, and I did not find Drawing on the Right Side of the Brain very helpful (I had the classic edition, not the new one). I did a few of the exercises, but could not maintain the practice for very long, and my drawing skills remain at nearly useless level. I have always had a poor visual memory and poor hand-eye coordination, so most of the exercises are extremely difficult and frustrating for me. Other people may be more successful than me, either from having greater perseverance or less handicap to overcome.
In the Bible Paul sought to address significant disagreements in the Corinthian church in chapter 13, by emphasizing that love is important over and above all other gifts and talents. But this kind of love is no ordinary type of love, but "AGAPE" love, a love which is selfless, unconditional and voluntary. This love does not seek it's own praise or pleasure, but instead defers to the welfare of others. It is this love that is supreme, for one day faith and hope will no longer be necessary when we see God face to face, yet love will always endure. For this I am most grateful. These are my favorite things!
that wherever you may go throughout your life, I will always be with you."
Further, paper-based institutions reel. The post office is bankrupt, or nearly so, and few newspapers are what used to be called going concerns.
I know that was a lot of shots of the same outfit, which I apologize for, but I was just having so much fun posing everywhere! Here are some close-ups of the pieces:
Evil Joy here with a post on Evil Tears, Evil Snot, and Evil Red Face.
If you're seriously interested in knowing about Accessories Hill, you need to think beyond the basics. This informative article takes a closer look at things you need to know about Accessories Hill.
I like to think of the three-dimensional cube representing a deep or deeper depression. Where it is a place that you can get deeply lost. Although you can still find the sides when you are close to them (with enough creativity you can possibly find your way out of anything) it would be relatively easy to slip so far away from safety that in time, you could forget the way it feels to have come back. You would begin to forget what the norm feels like, and perhaps forget how to make way to the safe edges again. This points to me the dangerous part of walking the lines of creative output through managing your levels of depressive moods. I think that this is the point where you actually lose yourself, and you simply slip into a feeling of socially exiled status quo. Its at this level that creativity actually is harder to keep a grasp on, the resistance between you and the walls is greater, and your thorough output is way less than your norm.
We then headed to Sports Direct to pick out his new shoes -- Adidas, of course. They really suited him.
18. Sielwolf - "Rhythmisch/Animalisch"
Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Grease a 9x5 loaf pan and set aside. In the bowl of a stand mixer fitted with the paddle attachment, cream the butter on medium-high speed. Add sugar, and beat until fluffy, about 3 minutes.
We believe in one Lord, Jesus Christ, the only Son of God, eternally begotten of the Father, God from God, Light from Light, true God from true God, begotten, not made, of one Being with the Father. Through him all things were made. For us and for our salvation he came down from heaven: by the power of the Holy Spirit he became incarnate from the Virgin Mary, and was made man. For our sake he was crucified under Pontius Pilate; he suffered death and was buried. On the third day he rose again in accordance with the Scriptures; he ascended into heaven and is seated at the right hand of the Father. He will come again in glory to judge the living and the dead, and his kingdom will have no end.
54,211 FC runs with 124 centuries at 39.45
According to various sources a repeat of the previous show (Thursday 5 April) was screened at 15:00. Thereafter the usual Friday broadcast was televised, starting at the normal time of 18:30. The Afrikaans version of the magazine, TV-PLUS, covering the period 4  17 April 2012, is one of the many TV-guides that confirms this fact.
Whoever hasnt heard of this or never got round to read it, you should go read it ASAP. *I advise you to read the manga because the anime ends at a mere 62 episodes*
Nan and Chuck Geschke
So here I am with the first day of Year 3 in this whole thing. I'm right around 155, still fitting into my size 6 clothes (which is awesome because it's really expensive to keep buying new clothes). I admit my habits haven't been as stellar as usual in the past 2 weeks, but that doesn't stop me from getting right back on track today. I have another 5K scheduled for March 25th and it's helping me keep in focus. I still have a goal around 145 in mind, which is 10 pounds away. It seems SO far, even compared to when I was 200 pounds and looking at my 150 goal as INSANE! But I did it. And I can do it again. Even if it takes all of Year 3, I know I'll get there at some point. And stay there! I just have to keep reminding myself of where I started.
My other goals here at OMF have always been about motivating and inspiring women to organize. This blog is a resource for you, as well. You can always go down to my Search Bar on the lower right side of my side bar, on the blog, and type in a search word of something you are wanting to organize. You know, like closets kitchen or kids and lots of great place to start and I have lots of content there. Well, I hope that this year you will be even more inspired and there is so much I have planned for you to help achieve that.
(c) Copyright Page Bryant, 2006 & 2011. All Rights Reserved.
Youll take my word
Presenting the initial Courtney Crumrin miniseries in a new digest-sized format. Courtney's parents have dragged her out to a high-to-do suburb to live with her creepy Great Uncle Aloysius in his spooky old house. She's not only the new kid in school, but she also discovers strange things lurking under her bed. - Goodreads
This "frisbee" was his absolute most favorite toy -- a soft, round, colorful, donut-shaped toy that had 4 squeakers in it -- one squeaker for each color. He'd had it since he was a puppy and, over the years, the squeakers would stop working and I'd have to replace them. Early on, I had bought a bag of replacement squeakers so, when needed, I'd perform surgery on the toy to replace the broken parts just so I could keep his favorite toy in working order -- talk about a dedicated mom.
My second novel, Unto Zeor, Forever (#2 in Sime~Gen now) won the Galaxy Award for Spirituality In Science Fiction and is much closer to todays SFR style. (talk about mixed genre!)
This virus was closely related to xenotropic murine leukemia virus (X-MLV) and designated as xenotropic murine leukemia virus-related virus (XMRV).
spring rain 
I also set about recasting him, Edmondson says, laughing.
It was U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, getting exactly what she needed, when she needed it! Scores of those leaked memos revealed US diplomats candidly despising Ben Ali and Mubarak and other Arab dictators they were forced to deal with. These revelations - secret, and hence credibly sincere - showed US envoys and apparatchiks expressing profound sympathy for oppressed people and holding their noses, forced by unpalatable circumstance to dicker with tyrants. Revealed precisely when the Arab Spring was brewing, those cables could not have been better timed to show youth in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and so on that "at worst America isn't our enemy... and maybe they're more with us than we thought."
My daughter announced a few days ago that she wanted to be christened.
You may enter the challenge as many times as you like, but each entry must be a different craft, eg, 1 card, 1 altered item, 1 knitted item, 1 piece of jewelry, 1 layout etc and you must follow the challenge theme.
Ashwagandha (Withania somnifera L.) root extract (50, 100 and 200 mg/kg; orally) improved retention of a passive avoidance task in a step-down paradigm in mice. Ashwagandha (50, 100 and 200 mg/kg; orally) also reversed the scopolamine (0.3 mg/kg)-induced disruption of acquisition and retention and attenuated the amnesia produced by acute treatment with electroconvulsive shock (ECS), immediately after training. Chronic treatment with ECS, for 6 successive days at 24 h intervals, disrupted memory consolidation on day 7. Daily administration of ashwagandha for 6 days significantly improved memory consolidation in mice receiving chronic ECS treatment. Ashwagandha, administered on day 7, also attenuated the disruption of memory consolidation produced by chronic treatment with ECS. On the elevated plus-maze, ashwagandha reversed the scopolamine (0.3 mg/kg)-induced delay in transfer latency on day 1. On the basis of these findings, it is suggested that ashwagandha exhibits a nootropic-like effect in naive and amnesic mice. Copyright 2001 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
I decided to make a coffee cake because I am addicted to cakes and I consider them the perfect companion for a good afternoon coffee. I had some friends over for a workshop and I served with sparkling Asti and it was absolutely phenomenal...definitely a daliciuus recipe...Dona Cano's bossa nova cake is incredibly flavorful and everybody loved it.
Just the worry of making sure a model would show up on time is tiring! I always have a moment after Alicia finishes up the makeup and hair, where I briefly freak out and say an inner, resounding "Don't fuck this up". Because at that point it's its really just up to me to prove to this model that she didn't waste her time driving over here on her day off. I feel like adding that bit of pressure is a good thing. Creative people thrive under pressure. So i woke up on Friday morning completely exhausted, having that oh-god-why-did-I-do-so-many-jobs-in-a-row-I'm-in-so-much-pain-right-now feeling. But I chugged some dayquil, took a couple pain pills and pushed through my last shoot at Griffith park. I was so sore, which made me realize that I do some strange poses when snapping shots. I'm flat on the ground, I'm hoping up on tables, I'm one legged against a wall. I must look very silly, but hey it gets the job done. I came back home on Saturday, feeling sick and I totally puked a couple times from exhaustion. hahah.. But everything went fairly smoothly.
The real value of the information gained from the webbot project comes through in the ability of the decoder to make sense of that information.
21-50 Voluntarily killed in ceremonial sacrifice
If it weren't for her tall friend blocking me constantly I would be hooking up with her as we speak, she was THAT interested.
flown in from India
If you have any questions, let me know. I will update this post as people choose letters.
- Toxic substances such as alcohol, cigarettes, white sugar and flour, sodas, artificial sweeteners and caffeine.
And guess what, I WON!!! I know, I feel like I won the lottery!
Download Everything Pro is a very lite yet super powerful downloading utility that will let you search and download all the indexed mediafire files and 4shared files. It has all the classic features plus many new cool features and a graceful look too.
Thank God they leave so I can be alone
1/2 cup mayonnaise
All the home furnishings and accessories are available to take home off the floor (perfect for regular folk like me, and designers needing to outfit a room quickly), or custom ordered. What's even better, is IBB prices everything below retail value. They feature a wide range of styles, everything from retro-mod to French Country chic. Lamps and throw pillows caught my eye at every turn.
It is important to observe that our instructions, that we receive from God, are addressed expressly to those of us who feel the need and made the decision to follow God on our own account.
hehe jk.
Look at this!!! I don't know where he came from, but if his snout shows up in this house, he's one dead dog walking! How come HE gets to stay with my Mr.??? And I don't! There is just something wrong with all that. I'm gonna grab him by the scruff of his well groomed neck and just give him a wee shake.
Or it might be that literature doesn't need dodgy Doppelgngers because it's self-sufficient. In an excellent essay in The Guardian a couple of years ago the playwright David Edgar referred to Christopher Booker's The Seven Basic Plots: Overcoming the Monster, Rags to Riches, The Quest, Voyage and Return, Comedy, Tragedy and Rebirth. Combine them at your leisure and you needn't look at For Whom the Bell Tolls or The Color Purple as works to reproduce word by word. There's plenty of fish for everyone in the sea of fiction if you can use your imagination effectively enough.
This past Sunday Chris and I attended the Newport Neighborhood Home tour and it did not disappoint. There was a strict no photo policy, so I'm going to have to get creative in sharing some of the homes with you all...
Bake for 20-22 minutes. Enjoy!
ONCE AGAIN...
Douglas Birkinshaw (Lab) 1,262
When I really think about it I feel selfish and silly for letting these setbacks get me so upset. Cameron is a beautiful and fairly healthy boy and a tremendous blessing. There are other families out there that I know or just follow online and their everyday life has so much more pain. I think that knowing what they go through helps me to appreciate what we have but at the same time it scares me for what they say will come.
Nothing quite makes sense
the little bag came from card craft inspirations,
pray, be her child and their child in the warm of next year.
She's a stylish a sweet gal with a late 60s influence!
Censorship
It was one of this occasions when I found myself mentally composing one of those 'emails to the council' about the way a store had been situated in a manner that created major road disruption. But I soon snapped out of it.
We do not have to visit a madhouse to find disordered minds; our planet is the mental institution of the universe. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Man: Admittedly a few birds did act strange.
Antisemitism has existed for millennia throughout the world. Originally manifested under a religious guise and then a racial one, in recent years much anti-Jewish animus has been manifested under the political/ideological guise of anti-Zionism. This is particularly true on American college and university campuses, where political criticism of Israel often morphs into the recognizable tropes of classical antisemitism, such as claims that Jews are baby killers and the portrayal of Jews as hungry for world domination.
I'd like to write purely for adults in the future, but I've had a number of 'grown-ups' write to me to tell me how much they enjoyed Changeling. I think if you have a good enough story to tell it can appeal across a wide range of age groups.
Meanwhile, there's still room for a few guest posts. Share your favorite winter tradition or holiday. All the details are here!
We can create a new Master Version always immediately when a new Branch has been created. For example after 3.6.0 Tag has been created, a Master 3.7 Version in Bugzilla.
Make, machine quilt and embroider a fabric scrapbook journal in which to keep a personal record of your creativity in stitch. Use your journal to: house collected textile fragments and ephemera; record fibre experiments; practice embroidery stitches; showcase machined samples, thread sketched patterns and stitched doodling. Add more pages and watch your scrapbook journal
It was the first. But it wont be the last.
Says a lot for the Human Rights Act (1998)...
'I don't want to live like you. I don't want to talk like you. I'm going to be like me'.
Unfortunately the blood patch didn't help his spinal headache. He's still been in bed since. This morning he woke up in so much pain. So it has been 6 days straight. We were thinking of doing another blood patch today, but after calling our Nurse at Huntsman's she said she didn't want anymore poking his back in case there is infection. She was especially concerned he isn't eating very well.
The man said, "But no longer. Your name is no longer Jacob. From now on it is Israel; youve wrestled with God and youve come through." Jacob asked, "And whats your name?" The man said, "Why do you want to know my name?" And then, right then and there, he blessed him. Jacob named the place Peniel because, he said, "I saw God face-to-face and lived to tell the story!" The sun came up as he left Peniel, limping because of his hip being knocked out of joint.
Nine giant messes,
I agree with Ron  but let me finish. I actually agree with you, and I propose that we take Social Security off budget so no president can ever again get threaten, as Obama did in August, that he would not send the check out, and you could set Social Security back up as a free-standing trust fund. It does have enough money and you could in fact pay the checks without regard to politics in Washington.
I was nervous about reading this passage. It's pretty emotional. That's some crazy brutality, you know? They aren't dying fast enough as they slowly suffocate on a cross where they are hanging by their hands and feet so let's break their legs so they die faster. Oh- he's already dead so let's put a gash in his side so that he bleeds.
When he was appointed there were inevitably arched eyebrows among the Tory faithful.
Fine. Isn't that infinitely better?
This is what I did with the label.
And thats just it. Thats the big deal about Ancestry. Its where you come from, and its your ancestors, and its what they did to give you the life you have now. If my own ancestors had not fought, warred, struggled, lived, and died, I would not be here. I would not have this computer, I would not have electricity, I would not have a language to speak, a culture to rebuild, a life to live, or a future to behold.
Mars is dark red
Do you ever get the notion that once you achieve some particular goal, youll finally be cool?
So, yes, I do agree with the cliche which Burke quotes that it only takes half a dozen for a bomb attack. I would argue that this half a dozen will also require a silent majority, as it were, of Muslims who, all though they most of them would never bomb or riot, still support those who most certainly would. (There will be many Muslims who dont bomb and riot quite simply because they are cowards, in the completely understandable sense of cowardice.)
(Yes, I know I totally cheated and linked up more than one post for couple of those topics. I'm indecisive. Sue me. ;) And now I'm going to cheat again by linking to my Best Of page and suggesting that you might find other interesting reads there or elsewhere in my archives. Ooo, I feel like such a meme-rebel.)
how I go about tidying out a cupboard/space.
What decision, Rik?! I hear you indignantly cry. Stop clarifying and write your damn blog post!
T: Mama, you want to try mine?
Thanks for stopping in for this edition of...
I can't really give you amounts; it will depend on how many people you are serving.
At the point I got to last night, Rebecca bends over needlessly low to give Chuck (and the camera) a long look at her shapely ass as she unlocks a door. "What are you waiting for?" she asks, beckoning Chuck through. To which, our grieving widower, worried father, and potential fugitive from justice, replies, "Just admiring the view."
Dr. Don Colbert provides an easy-to-understand and comprehensive explanation of the toxic battle youre in. He also exposes risk factors and provides alternative solutions for living free from cancer, heart disease, liver disease, diabetes and more. You may be an average American who is overfed and undernourished, which means you are probably toxic, but there is hope. Detoxify your body with Dr. Colberts medically sound and proven program of juice fasting. Deep cleansing your body right down to the cellular level will renew your vitality, restore your energy, reclaim your health, shed toxic fat, lengthen your life and give you a healthy glow.
The whole story has a sort of dreamy feel. I do think that I liked the scenes that took place in heaven the best. Emily and Matt are taught by some of the archangels who are sometimes very human seeming and funny. I liked when Emily turned St. Mark into a lizard. I liked that the saints kept coming up with phrases that are well-known and saying that they think they will catch on.
A point is made in Moral Kombat that video games parallel the kind of programming that are used in the military. Simulators prepare us for the experience of battle, and they hone our reflexes and our skills at the particular task. There is also some mental conditioning at work to distance soldiers from the realities of their job: That there are real human beings at the receiving end of their rifles. While there may be some truth to this, there is a vast chasm of difference between killing an opponent in a video game and the harsh reality of death in real life. Anyone who can't differentiate the two has a larger problem than playing too many video games.
Today is a big day. Today, you become dangerous. Today, you are declaring war. You have spent years learning about your weapon, the sword of the Spirit, the Word of God. You have learned all about it. Youre not experts yet, but youve got the basics. Today youre getting out of boot camp and joining the war effort. You chose as your class verse Psalm 23:4. It says, Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. And that is your rallying cry as you move to the battlefront. Today, I tell you: Be dangerous! To do that, recognize that you are invading hostile territory. Also, trust your general.
I recently finished up a large hospitality project, and I used a contrasting sheer against a light drapery panel and it looked awesome. So I decided to do the same thing in my living room. I found a brown linen with a pattern embroidered on it with twine.
2) This is a new beginning. A scary one, but new nonetheless.
Maybe someone stole it and buried it there and then drowned in the pond!
It's a dark horror comedy--think Shawn of the Dead meets The Hangover--with a few glimmers of sexual politics. Thankfully, the filmmakers don't use this movie as a soapbox, and so while we may be given a few comments, we're never given full-on commentary. There are moments that could be viewed as misogynistic, but they are (slightly) tempered with moments that are anti-misogynistic, so nobody should get too upset about it. Besides, it's just a movie, for Pete's sake. Sit back and enjoy the ride. Or turn the thing off.
Not too bad eh?:D
Spotted on the front row were Jameela Jamil, Jodie Harsh, and Michelle Keegan of Coronation Street fame, looking surprisingly fantastic in a graphic printed Andrew Majtenyi frock. I do admit I'm the world's worst celebrity spotter though, so I could have seen lots more celebs and just not noticed....
So cute... look at how big that hat is :)
In the mating of trees,
This software comes with so many embellishments and papers already, but they have some extra free kits you can download on their site...for free! So if you win this for free, you'll have such a great time and tons of new digital stash that you can always print out and use in a traditional scrapbook ;) for free! Did I mention, I'm giving one away for free?!
In Cuyler the defendant brought a Sec. 2254 petition for habeas relief based, in part, on an allegation that his two trial attorneys represented potentially conflicting interests in their joint representation of the defendant and two codefendants. Id. at 337-38, 100 S.Ct. at 1712-13. The defendant in Cuyler, however, did not object to the joint representation at trial. Id. Because of the defendants failure to object at trial, Cuyler concluded that the trial court had no duty to inquire about the possibility of a conflict of interest. Id. at 347, 100 S.Ct. at 1716. The Court also held that the defendant could not establish a Sixth Amendment violation based on a showing of a mere possibility of a conflict of interest; rather, the defendant must demonstrate an actual conflict. Id. at 348, 100 S.Ct. at 1718. The Court in Cuyler announced this actual conflict standard, however, by stating, [i]n order to establish a violation of the Sixth Amendment, a defendant who raised no objection at trial must demonstrate that an actual conflict of interest adversely affected his lawyers performance. Id. (emphasis added). This language makes it clear that the Cuyler actual conflict standard applies only in those cases in which the defendant fails to raise a conflict of interest objection at trial. See Hamilton v. Ford, 969 F.2d 1006 (11th Cir.1992) (Cuyler is limited to those cases in which a defendant raises no objection to joint representation at trial), cert. denied,  U.S. -, 113 S.Ct. 1625, 123 L.Ed.2d 183 (1993); see also United States v. Martin, 965 F.2d 839, 841 (10th Cir.1992) (applying Cuyler actual conflict standard [b]ecause defendant failed to raise a Sixth Amendment objection at trial); United States v. Bowie, 892 F.2d 1494, 1500 (10th Cir.1990) (same). Because in the instant case, Petitioner vigorously objected to the joint representation at trial, Cuyler is inapplicable.
Russell Brand stars as a spoiled heir who rebels against his family's plans for his future (which includes marrying Jennifer Garner, who seems to be a crazy lady here) and is subsequently cut off financially. Helen Mirren plays his nanny and also serves as a nurturing mother figure. I honestly had no idea Garner was in it until I watched the extended trailer on imdb.com. She just might be a scene stealer here. I don't think Helen Mirren is known for her comedic skills, but then again, I think her role in this film is to lend it a bit of seriousness and heart. Otherwise it would just be a farce and might not have much depth. All in all, I do actually want to see this one, even though I'm not a big Russell Brand fan. I have a feeling that it will be a sweet comedy and coming of age story, albeit the one coming of age is well into his 30's. I think it'll be funny, endearing, and sweet. My guess: 3.5 out of 5
Meh. Not that great. The voice acting is okay. The music is either not too great or non-existent.
Kill Alex Cross by James Patterson
This is worth "thinking about", but I don't believe one has to think too hard to come to the "right" conclusion - it's almost unbelievable (scary, would be more appropriate) that this could happen!!
Text books (ideal for summer camp)
I lean down and tap Dave on the shoulder.
I just bought Peppermint Mocha creamer from CoffeeMate (refrigerated section). De-lish! I love the Gingerbread and Eggnog ones too. Yummy stuff!
In the early part of this year I had a boom time for sales, with a whole series of deals especially for younger texts. Things have noticeably become more tricky, though, as the year has gone on and it does appear to be true that this recession has made a major dent on publisher confidence. I wouldnt recommend giving up altogether during this rocky patch, but I would advocate patience  it may take a good deal longer to get the result that you are after.
Quite a few of my blogging friends applied and it was so hard to not be biased and just pick people I know, so I asked for the help of someone who doesn't know any bloggers to make it fair.
4 TBS butter, softened
With your questions answered, you should make your final decision through an analysis of factual information combined with a feeling of a design connection to one special kitchen designer. Happy hunting!
I've got just the text part of my installation to finish tomorrow and then it'll be ready to put up. I'm really excited to see what it looks like when I'm done!
So Ill be back next week, with pictures from the craft fair this weekend, Truth Be Told Tuesdays (I seriously missed it this week!), Future Project Friday and hopefully some other fun stuff! Have an awesome weekend and if youre in the DFW area, come by and see me on Saturday!
Perhaps karma works both ways.
i was going to write more but honestly...i forgot. hope you're having a beautiful day.
Miami has some concerns going into their series with Indiana as well: for one thing, LeBron was only partly engaged in the series. When he wanted to he completely took over. When he did not care, Melo walked around him like he was a pylon. Several times, even in Game Five, LeBron would casually stroll upcourt while Wade put on a series of impossible moves. Miami is clearly at their best when the two superstars play off each other, which happened with much more frequency in the first three gamers of the series. The players also need to sit Mario Chalmers down and inform him how a fast break works and that he must stop settling for open threes when they have a clear numbers advantage (Just take it to the basket Mario!). Sometimes a three is a good shot but every time he let the ball go I groaned. Poor shot selection has long been a hallmark of Chalmers game and against Indiana it could mean the difference between a win or loss.
$3.00/1  LEGO Macks Team Truck Building Set, Target Coupon
Fish is still alive after trip to Walmart.
Brooklyn, NY 11226
Im trying to work slow with the book. Its a tricky line because I want to get the pages painted and done, but at the same time I dont want to make mistakes. For this reason, I made a little practice paper to try out sewing into paper and colors. I painted the grey watercolor over both sides, added a little rubbing alcohol, and painted the random lines all over it. Unfortunetly I did learn that the watercolor paper is way too thick to sew into (in a quick fashion). I had to pre-punch the holes with an exacto knife and it took an excessive amount of time to sew. I frankly am too impatient with a needle and tread to try this again. I added the numbers (which are old old label numbers I found in a box) last.
salt, pepper, and seasoned salt to taste
2/ The SNP are going to lose the independence referendum.
Ever played Chinese Whispers when you were a kid? I used to love that game. The end was usually something completely nuts and hilarious. If you dont know about the game then Ill quickly explain; basically, you sit in a group of people and the first person whispers something into the second persons ear. Whatever the second person hears, they pass it on to the next person and they pass it on to the next person, so on and so forth until it comes to the last person who says whatever was whispered in their ear out loud. The fun of the game comes from the fact that words are so easily misunderstood, misheard and changed as they go round so you can start the game with the first person saying I love apples, theyre my favourite fruit and it can end with the last person saying I hate acorns, they smell like Zeus. See how its changed so drastically?
To leave you, some of the other New York photos that didnt get posted earlier! Enjoy!
Start by cutting your Bazzill cardstock to size. I scrap in true A4 size, so I cut mine to 29,7x21 centimetres (cm). Please feel free to adapt to another layout size if you prefer. 8.5x11 or 12x12 would work great for this too.
The girls may not qualify as my friends, but they do know me as well as (if not better) than my closest friends. They may know a lot of truths about their dad that they wish they didn't, but it actually got easier for them once they did understand that it really wasn't them, but him.
Corey Lerios  Vocals, Keyboards
And yeah, okay, I love this bag too. I technically did not need the pretty bag above (did I mention how pretty it is?). This bag would have served us perfectly on its own. It did not need backup in the slightest. It's crazy high quality (like, the highest quality diaper bag I've ever seen), looks cool, and can easily be used after the kid is out of diapers. My brother wants one for his discs when he plays the sport of stoners everywhere - disc golf. Or "frolf," as he calls it, which I hate because it sounds like some species out of "The Lord of the Rings." The strap is insanely comfortable to wear. Plus, the two side insulated bottle pockets are large enough to hold a bottle of wine. MOMMY NEEDS HER WINE. And, importantly, it's very guy-friendly. I couldn't imagine asking my husband to carry around a girly printed bag or a bag that looks like a purse. My only complaints would be that there should be a pocket on the flap of the messenger one (wasted space!) and there's a sort of weird divider in the inside that's kind of adjustable but kind of not. Neither of those things are deal breakers and I know they're coming out with versions 2.0 in the fall (cause the founder and I are tight like sistahs) (read: I messaged her on Facebook) and I have a feeling those issues are going to be addressed. You can get it on Amazon for slightly cheaper than their site, but even better it often pops up on those deal sites like Gilt or Zulily, so watch there. That's why it pays to start stocking up on baby stuff early. SAVE YOURSELF SOME CASH (see: vacation above). And yeah, okay, you can also save some cash by not buying two diaper bags. Sigh again.
You dont need to be a fan of previous installments to enjoy Fast Five. In fact, all you really have to do is leave all logic and standards at the concession stand so that you can better enjoy it. Like most action films, its one that isnt intended for being scrutinized, but rather one to get your adrenaline pumping. So as an enjoyable theater-going experience, the film is a terrific triumph.
The Thin Red Line (dir. Terrence Malick, 1998)
Our Segmation set of Fantin-Latour contain many examples of his floral paintings in still life renderings of flowers, roses, and fruit.
I am sure anyone living in Britain has seen the series of adverts encouraging people to become teachers, including the one with the white girl holding hands with a black boy, with the commentary which says something to the effect that children are free thinking beings who don't think the way they are supposed to think. What a joke, what a lie! by snogging a black man the poor deluded little twit is doing exactly what her teachers, the TV and the magazines she reads have been telling her what to do and what to think.
Month: 74.3 miles
Furthermore, it is necessary to everlasting salvation that he also believe rightly the
You can purchase a 12-pack online for $4.99 in a variety of colors and give yourself a break from cleaning yogurt smeared on high chairs, dropped on the floor and all over the toddler! You'll be thrilled with this great product!
We want to hear about your absolute FAVOURITE recipe! It could be an amazing side dish, entree, dessert, or even a snack. Pop on over to our WesthillsBC Facebook page and post your show-stopping recipe. Once youve posted your own recipe review the others and vote by liking someone elses recipe. In order to get entered into the contest you must first post your own recipe and you MUST like at least one other recipe.
I wasnt being stereotypical when I mentioned that my eye candy is limited to stay-at-home moms in yoga pants. Literally, theres a yoga class held next door to the nursery school during class time; they all walk over together and work out.
Statement from the Faithful Budget Campaign in response to
You are my second son, Thibault, and with the possibility that my heir, the markiisi might one day come to harm, you must marry as if it were you and not your brother who is marked to ascend to the dukedom.
Seriously, this book is easy to read, easy to understand, and all the touch points are just as easy to implement. Are you picking up on the word "easy"?
I have three happy family reports to share with you all. First, Sissy (Juliet) has new ears, she can hear again! Here she is with her Papa before the surgery to clean everything out, get rid of those nasty adenoids and insert the tubes in her ears. Great job Sis!
Take the cupcakes out of the freezer - just a few at a time so they do not sweat. Hold the cupcake firmly by the paper liner and invert it into the pot of melted glaze. Submerge the cupcake just up to the paper line and move it about to insure the entire surface is covered. Pull the cupcake straight up and gently spin it above the bowl by rotating your wrist, to allow any excess glaze to drip off. Flip the cupcake and carefully place it on a wire rack to set. Allow the glaze to set for 3 to 5 minutes at room temperature.
Its the Las Vegas Callbacks! Again, do you have any favorites? Are you looking forward to all the blood? Yeah, me too. Part Two airs on Thursday.
Always trying to provoke me to think, he said,
Melissa.
But at least this airport has wireless access.
To quote Tyler Durden in Fight Club "Reject the basic assumptions of civilization, especially the importance of material possessions."
Make a pot of healthy, antioxidant green tea. Decrease cancer risk.
Bieber, 17, who was discovered on video-sharing site Youtube in 2008 is known for his high-pitched voice, which betrayed his true age. His songs receive extensive airplay and earning him extraordinary exposure, mostly due to his child-like voice.
- Got a full-time job at Sweet Lauren Cakes. So no more crazy days of traveling all over SF each day from one job to the next, I get to sit at one desk, go to one office, and get one paycheck. I am beyond thrilled to finally have some regularity to my schedule, although I will continue to also do freelance events, mainly with Amy Nichols because she's oh so fab and, I still can't get enough of weddings and events! So now you've been warned, there will be lots more cake pop talk around here, think you can handle it?
"A little, but we'll take our warm sleeping bags. It'll be fine."
Montana is unique from many other states for a few reasons. For starters, its HUGE. Seriously. Driving from end to end would take a whole day. The only states larger than Montana are Alaska, California, and Texas.
I won't go into much detail on the first part. If using Windows Vista, Windows 7 or the Mac OS (10.3-10.6), there are some parental controls built in that are usually sufficient for this portion.
So those are some things about books that aren't mine.
here's the deal:
They have access to too much information. Thats the problem with young people today.
Sunny side up Maple Bacon pancakes:)
Trap your fear behind a grin
The following is taken from her CaringBridge site shortly after she was diagnosed. It is so beautiful. Her fathers words are so sincere as he speaks of Elliots determination from the time she was a little girl and her unwavering faith as she has grown into the woman she is today.
I cant wait to have another pumpkin carving party......that was our very first party in lubbock last year (its gonna have to be a tradition)
put out a song called "Language of Violence" that was about
Jaydon, Caleb, Ethan, and Brandon are all best friends, and they have the coolest hide-out. Its a layout of unused sewer lines in the new subdivision. The boys take their skateboards down there and skate via flashlight to a big room, where they have rigged up electric and fished chairs and lamps out of dumpsters to have a comfortable place to hang out.
I was reading a Bill Maher book last night called, The New Rules, A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass. A humble title, from a humble man, but it is funny, and he explains it by saying that people didnt really get the sarcasm in his first book title, New Rules, Polite Musings from a Timid Observer.
Posh Spice wasn't popular during her pregnancy either. Apparently her heels were too high and she never seemed quite happy enough. There were the endless too posh to push comments too.
My daughter, being a second-generation Asian American, is so proud of her food traditions, she said. Comerfords husband, she explained, is of Irish and East European descent, so their daughter is familiar with both Asian and European cooking styles.
Freedom is the only way yeah,
On 20 May 2012 there will be an annular solar eclipse. The Sun and the Moon will be in 00*20 Gemini. Mars in Virgo will be casting a square aspect to the lunar nodal axis.
This isn't what the athletic director pictured when he made this hire.
I forgot to update my new cosmetic bag of Hello Kitty.
Without further ado, Rachel and I have partnered and decided to do a giveaway on my blog for this amazing bracelet that normally retails for $85!!!!!
and the heavy skins of beasts
Your friendly neighbourhood Timmi
Last night was the final installment of the year in The Liquorists busy calendar, the seasonal spirits trail! Following the same concept of their Vodka trail last month, we were to be enjoying 5 different spirits, 5 different cocktails in 5 different bars accompanied by 5 different light bite appetizers. Sound daunting? Challenge accepted!
onions - 1 large chopped lengthwise
Stoneyhurst College, which Tolkien visited during the 40s and 50s, when his son John was evacuated there and his other son Michael taught there. "As well as its links to J.R.R Tolkien, other literary figures associated with the college include Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (a former pupil), the poet Fr. Gerard Manley Hopkins (a former member of staff) and contemporary novelist Patrick McGrath":
Its truly been my pleasure to browse six years of photos and choose 14 which I hope will illustrate the familiar beauty of the streets we travel every day.
but later,
Whilst 37.5 is normal for most, my reduced immune system makes this a trigger point temperature whereby precautionary measures are taken to ensure I don't go critical through infection.
St. Louis Cardinals - (Ike's Cards - Paid)
During a meeting in Ciego de Avila with Cuban and foreign students, and civil society organizations, Serrano pointed out that the support for the cause of Gerardo Hernandez, Ramon Labaino, Fernando Gonzalez, Antonio Guerrero and Rene Gonzalez grows every day.
My epigraph I think. I'll have to write and ask his permission.
Every empire of the day had a civic religion. The Eastern Roman (Byzantine) Empire was Christian. Its rival Persia, meanwhile, was Zoroastrian. The Arab Empire quickly controlled and needed to unify huge expanses of territory where different religions predominated. The empire was growing quickly, soon rivaling the Byzantine and Persian Empires in size and power. But at first, it did not have a compelling political theology to compete with those it supplanted and to solidify its conquests. It needed a common religion -- a political theology that would provide the foundation for the empire's unity and secure allegiance to the state.
She gave up following a serious accident which prevented her from doing her own shopping for a few months. Those who did her shopping while she was incapacitated, would of course have bought her cigarettes had she asked, but they were non-smokers who would have made her aware of their disapproval, and she found the prospect of their martyred smugness more difficult to face than even the withdrawal symptoms.
So I am not reacting in a haphazard manner.
When my canvas arrived in the mail, I truly think I squealed outloud!
When I was saying, I Killed Kenny Rogers in 1999, it was not to be seen as a compliment.
I probably looked like a schoolboy playing hooky, which, as far as life is concerned, I am. Here I am clashing blacks and blues as usual, although for once, not anywhere on my skin. I was in NYC on business recently, but busy as I was, I managed to find an afternoon to explore the brick and mortar offerings of some our better known catalog companies (see below).
Scratch that. Enjoy.
A Pillow of Winds
Remember I dont track very well when Im scared. That is, after all, the reason I wrote the book in the first place. Dr. Gettleman gave me the information I asked for and explained it to me as I sat there dumbly. Then I barraged him with questions about what hed said concerning liver exiting and kidney exiting drugs.
Meanwhile prepare the wonton skins and use teaspoon , scoop the chicken mixture and make it like a little ball and wrap it with wonton skin, use till the filling dough is finish,
Your overwhelming love for the orphan is incredible and we are all forever grateful!
Delta Airlines
Well, I was, dropping my niece off.
What? Not use my beads after I had worked so hard on this project! What?
The memo notes that Rev Ruling 75-425 has given rise to some confusion with respect to employees of Belgium as it provided that income under the 1948 Belgium-U.S. income tax treaty exempted from tax the compensation paid to employees who were citizens of the employing country. Prior to the publication of the ruling, however, the new 1970 income tax treaty between both countries was signed and did not exempt such income from taxation. Rev Rul 75-425 was not updated, but was subsequently obsoleted by Rev Ruling 2007-60.
But, dont think God will reveal so much to you, when He has revealed it to others already. Our Father is always working on the principle of the Body of Christ. He reveals something to one and something else to another. If we want further revelation of Christ, we must stand on the shoulders of those who have gone before us. Then we will be able to go deeper into the Promised Land, that wonderful, all-inclusive Christ.
2006: V&A Illustration Awards (shortlisted)
What happened? How did it get to be nearly December already? I am so behind on my blog posts and I have heaps of things to record.
Gatien was a club owner who gobbled up nightclub spaces and transformed them into branded clubs called the Limelight -- first in Hollywood, Florida, then Atlanta, and London. (He would eventually own many clubs in Manhattan, including the Tunnel, the Palladium downtown, and Club USA.) The Gothic church on 6th Ave proved too enticing -- the one in London was also in a former house of worship -- and soon Gatien turned the once reverent spot into a house of decadence.
Every choice counts, every choice either brings its rewards or its punishments. As the core of the Multicultural society is promoting the interests of minorities over the interests of the majority of society, this means Liberal-Multiculturalists will choose weakness and the strong will be dragged down to the level of the weak. Such suicidal behaviour can be summed up thus: Given a choice between success and failure they will choose failure and therefore, in a fight for survival or extinction, extinction is chosen.
After her father passed away in 2009, from a six-year battle with cancer (which she still believes he won the fight against), she began to write again. A passion she'd loved for years, but realized life was too short to keep putting it off.
Blaine Kern is the self-proclaimed "Mr. Mardi Gras" and biggest float manufacturer in the world. His warehouse is open to the public and showcases the larger-than-life props used on Mardi Gras parade floats.
E. Tires should have good tread and correct air pressure
My only way out is really you,all of you
If I am wrong and I simply go into the earth, and I dont receive that immortal body I hoped for, a flaming maple or pink dogwood tree may curl their root fingers around my bones, or perhaps I can enrich the soil under a patch of wild violets or daffodils. All is not lost. Someone on Earth may remember a small kindness I showed them, or a day when I inspired them. I would rather believe, even if I turned out to be wrong. I love walking in a sacred manner, seeking God in the midst of holy things and people.
Pay off my two credit cards: During my extended maternity leave (9 months), we plowed through our savings and I ended up using two of my credit cards. To me, it was worth it to acquire some debt so that I could stay home for a couple more months with my daughter. The total owed is not really that much, and if I put all my extra cash towards them, I should have them paid off by March. The only catch is, if I do that, I'm not saving up for my summer off of work (yay for teacher summers!) and I might have to go back to the credit cards and have to repay them off.
Part of that low number was due to the fact that I was not comfortable with my own sense of self and partly it was due to the fact that guys just don't equate and relate to me in ways I find I can relate to other women. Yet trying to relate to other women as a woman but presenting as a man was enough to cause me panic attacks and clam up completely. Simply put, when I did so in times past, women simply viewed me as some sort of odd guy, gay male or caricature of a woman and still I was not speaking to them at a level which other women would and can understand. So I just shut down early in life and stayed that way... recluse and eventually moving away from the city to be in the quietude of the country where I could run away from my problems and myself.
Perhaps its the case that the Leaf people saw an opportunity to get their name in the newspaper and pounced on it. Theres more than one way to make money off of Andrew Lucks name, I guess. One just hopes that they pay closer attention to their spelling in their legal documents than they do with their trading cards. Oof. Thats embarrassing. Call more attention to that, Leaf Company.
1 forelimbs
@ReginaWalton Glad you liked the article. But can you tell me what bothered you about the image? I thought it told the story well.
Happy Weekend!
A few days later, Diane Ashley (Bolling), an entomologist, arrives looking for Hansen. Ashley tells Hansen that the calf was killed by a massive dose of spider venom, which Hansen greets with skepticism. Undaunted, Ashley tells him the problem is serious and that she wishes to examine the animal's carcass and the area where it became sick. Hansen escorts Ashley to Colby's farm. Moments after they arrive, Colby's wife, Birch (Altovise Davis), discovers their dog is dead. Ashley performs a quick chemical test on the dog's carcass and concludes that like the calf, it died from a massive injection of spider venom. Hansen is incredulous, until Colby states that he recently found a massive "spider hill" on a back section of his farmland. He takes Hansen and Ashley to the hill, which is covered with tarantulas. Ashley theorizes that the tarantulas are converging together due to the heavy use of pesticides, which are eradicating their natural food supply. In order to survive, the spiders are joining forces to attack and eat larger animals.
Please note that certain 2s, 4s, and 6s have a Master Number associated with their Life Path number; respectively 11, 22, and 33. In Numerology, this is the equivalent to a special mission theyve been sent to fulfill. Ill cover the Master Numbers at the end of the single-digits, 1-9.Adjustment is your means of getting from life exactly what you wish. Youll have to meet many changes, opposite opinions, responsibilities, and unpleasant situations. If you face them straight on and adjust wherever necessary, your number promises you satisfaction and youll find happiness and contentment. Youll often play the role of peacemaker because you have the understanding and patience to see both sides of a dispute and help the involved parties come to some mutual agreement. You can see through the clouds of disharmony, find a meeting ground for both people, and point out the pleasant side of their relationship. Youre wise in that you use diplomacy and persuasion, rather than force, in bringing about a solution.
Urban Survival
Let's just say I have never been so outraged at the medical profession.
My life, situation and circumstances then  they were pathetic, dreary and dreadful. On 31 October 2005, all I had at that time was all of RM1 (would have been enough to pay the 70 sen bus fare `home). From having relatively good and secure jobs and with some status in society, I was unemployed, shunned and scorned. Although I had a wife, the marriage had essentially crumbled some years before and all that remained was anger, resentment and bitterness. I was also estranged and cut off from my elderly parents and sisters. I was all alone; abandoned, unwanted But worst of all was the feeling inside  the self-loathing and hatred of having failed my children; of them suffering through no fault of theirs. This was something that had deeply tormented me.
To pass the time, Mom started doing a lot of word search puzzles. It was her way of keeping her mind active. It was difficult for her to read, but she could still focus on one word at a time. She had dozens of those books lying all around the house. No matter where she went, she could do a puzzle.
Senator Jose M. Serrano will be sponsoring free mammogram screenings on Roosevelt Island Day  Saturday, June 9  at the 591 Main Street Plaza from 1:30 pm to 5:00 pm. Part of Project Renewals ScanVan Program, the screenings will be available for women 40 years of age and older who have not had a mammogram in the past year. Please call 1-800-564-6868 for an appointment. The event is being co-sponsored by Council Member Lappin and Assembly Member Kellner. We thank all of the sponsors for this generous service.
Posts like this are difficult to write, because of course I want to go on and on about why black women are awesome (we really are) but I wont. Instead, I will explain a few differences between me and my best friend that may or may not have anything to do with the color of our skin.
Howard Nemerov, author of Journal of the Fictive Life, was quoted as saying this about ideas:
As an inhabitant of the New World, Id like to see Uruguay, the last team from the Americas left standing, in the finals against Spain. I think this matchup might favor Uruguay. First, though, they have to take down the Netherlands, no small task.
Another technical indicator of breadth is the S&P 500s Hi-Low index which is a ratio of the new 52-week highs relative to the new 52-week lows. As with other indicators, it is suggesting that stock prices have been pushed down enough to be attractive (within a bull market environment):
They have made a huge impact on local communities helping to address social issues such as health, anti-social behaviour, poor educational attainment and unemployment. They have also led the way in getting non-league football clubs to focus on maximizing income and identifying alternative sources of revenue. Ensuring financial sustainability is the foundation upon everything they build from.
Right through the changin weather; the sky was all turning gray.
Purchasers from my etsy store: Make your selection, entering coupon code: celebrateACE when prompted. This will deduct the shipping cost from your purchase. Proceed to PayPal and make your purchase and your additional 10% discount will be refunded to you within 24 hours, and most likely within a few hours of your purchase.
for me...
I'll have to say November was pretty uneventful for me. It went by pretty quickly and I'm reminded how easy it is to get into a routine (rut?) Its been school, work, home, study, sleep, and repeat :)
But because there are 3 there are very specific ways to enter, so PLEASE make sure you read the rules thoroughly and carefully!! The prizing will work on a tier system meaning that the more things you do the better prize you can win.
"SHEER TERROR"? Under a bright white sky? Maybe, but a show of hands first: who can tell me what's missing in this picture? No, not a printed promise of anti-Jaws film quality. No, not the artist trying to lull people into a false sense of security by reminding them of Goldfinger. Can't get it? Look at the surface of the water. See that waving hand? Unless Lurch finally got tired of Thing's emo crap and flung him into the ocean, or the shark just took a huge chomp of 99% of this drowning victim, I'd say we have a serious physicality problem with this Roy Scheider cameo, here.
Gone away is the bluebird,
The unfortunate reason for my slowness and lack of notes is that I lost my camera at the wedding in London. So, I'm working from my brain only without drink and menu pictures as back up. I pilfered the pics for this post off Adrian and you can read his review of the bar here. Youll also find some picture on this site.
Robbie Weinhardt DET W 5
And yet I figured its about time I butt in.
I loved the way this lace doily felted in.
Oh, how wrong I was.
Just because someone in a variety of massage therapy position, you are required to pass a drought relief bill. However, in some parts of the grand theater bismarck north dakota and Clark Expedition traveled through this area in which North Dakota requires massage therapists to be important for the grand theater bismarck north dakota is rumored to be updated. This is a sleepy, little town. A comfortable downtown area is surrounded by neighborhoods populated with friendly people. The temperatures are a lot to offer in the grand theater bismarck north dakota and the grand theater bismarck north dakota are constantly going on and on your North Dakota was estimated to be licensed to practice this natural healing service in the nation always.
The victory was followed by two expected losses, in which fans and observers were quick to point out that this is just a season of losing for Express.
I want a Subaru like the one below.
Although the ending felt a little rushed, I am very much looking forward to the release of the second book in this series.
This is the place where Tunga river and Bhadra river Combines to form Tungabhadra river.
So I've promised myself to write a little everyday. Even things such as "I wish we had been a normal family with normal grandparents and done normal activities". I've promised myself that this year, come Christmas I'm going to be able to enjoy it with my family yet allow myself to grief for my lost childhood. And it's going to be Ok to cry.It's about time I begin to allow myself to grief for everything that was stolen from me when I was a little girl. And I keep telling myself that it's Ok to do that, that it isn't selfish. I would have cried for any other little girl so it should be Ok to cry for me.
As of now we are in the full swing of Cycle 4, which always keeps us busy. During week 5 we will have rising Upper Elementary 6th year students visit our classroom so that they know what to expect next year when they move up to Middle School.
nayatsu na vinayati
As Abel reports, this is happening in: Illinois, Viginia and Texas. The Gaspee has previously reported that checkpoints have also occured in Tennessee. Click here for link.
I will probably wait until after the holidays to put in another order with Zappos just because I know I am going to get myself something. I don't want to spoil any of the gifts I might get on Christmas, so to make sure I don't buy myself something that some might get me, I think I'll wait. But, if you guys have yet to get all of your gift shopping done, you should check out Zappos. Their shipping is amazingly quick and you will not be disappointed!
it's as if she's not our dog.
Work, or the expenditure of energy, is both a biological and a social necessity for human beings. They must work to use up the energy generated by eating food. They must work also to provide the food, clothing and shelter they need to live. So in any society, be it feudal, capitalist or socialist, men and women must work. The point at issue is how that work should be organised. A very strong argument against capitalism is that it reduces so central a human activity as work to the drudgery it is for most people, instead of allowing it to provide the pleasure it could, and would be in a socialist society.
Dad comes later this week and well attach the cabinets to each other and to the wall, then install the counters. After that, the drywall finishers are going to fix all of my drywall issues and I can PAINT!
Due to the fact that the venue is often used for evening functions we will close the fair at 3pm. This will allow stall holders time to pack up and vacate the hall in good time, and also means that those who have to travel a fair distance can do some in some daylight!
A: We dont know. We forgot the calculator at home.
Last night at BYU Women's Conference the congregation was singing the song "As Sisters in Zion". It was the second verse when the words hit me hardest, and now I don't think I'll ever forget or ignore them again.
But since those ideas have beenwellpervertedin many instances, it may make me a liberal Baptist.
And the longing to understand is swallowed up with His greatness. And the darkness so-heavy-it-taunts births hope. And the tears in the dark find their Promise, their Sunrise.
Muscles got married. TWG got divorced. Last I heard from My First Dom, he was divorcing as well. The guy I lost my virginity to has stage four bile duct cancer. My Dad fought cancer and beat it. My cousin outted me and hub to my prudish bro in law as BDSM enthusiasts. My mother informed me that hub and I would get along better if we had more sex (WTF??). The twins turn TWO soon. Holy moly!
Turn
had wings others didnt. We dont know exactly what angels look like in heaven.
Michael Ojo
Here's the to do list for any of the Liebster Blog Award recipients.
Put lots of ice into a tall glass (a Collins glass, if we're getting technical), pour in the lime juice, pour over the gin, throw in the squeezed out lime half and top up with soda water.
Because the rest of the Y chromosome is assumed to not recombine with the X, Skaletsky et al. (2003) call the majority of the Y the male-specific region of the Y, or MSY. We will see later how the Y chromosome and recombination is actually much more complicated!
If you are in the area, stop by and see me!
Minnie was overheard: I cant hold on much longer. I am losing my grip. Oh God. Hold on Wolf. You are going down.
Katherine A. Cronin, Edwin J.C. van Leeuwen, Innocent Chitalu Mulenga, Mark D. Bodamer (2011). "Behavioral response of a chimpanzee mother toward her dead infant," American Journal of Primatology, Article first published online: January 21, 2011. DOI: 10.1002/ajp.20927
Fox has his followers and friends who will do anything to help him succeed in everything he does. And when the time comes and his aging father must retire, they will support his decision to continue his fathers family farm. One day, he hopes to have children who will make him proud by doing the same.
A gag gift
The first lady's office confirmed that the pictures showed were indeed the First Moocher!
The intimacy of the space and passion of the people involved. No one lacking passion would willing work in a ninety degree theater with no backstage and a creepy basement. Theres definitely something special about this particular black box and how it comes alive during a performance. As a member of LTC, I always wanted to do a show at Cabaret, and Im glad to say it didnt disappoint.
The CAS challenge was perfect for me - I have so many giraffe images I could have chosen, but was happy with how this turned out!
We heard a good lesson a couple of weeks ago about putting God first in your life DAILY. God has always wanted that from His people. He wanted the firstfruits of their labors. We are told to seek Him and his righteousness FIRST. (Mt 6:33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.) We were reminded of the acronym J(esus) O(others) Y(ourself). We all know this with our minds, but do we really accept it with our hearts? If so, then we will put it into practice. (Mt 7:20 Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. 21 Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.) What comes first in our lives?
Someday, they will call You Savior
Once activation is finished being backed up, you will see a folder called Windows Activation Backup in the same folder that you launched the token manager from, this contains the backup.
A few more small findings (you can use anything...findings for scrapbooks, buttons etc.)
My swirl flourish has been created with my Marriane D Creatable Die  I cut this a long time ago, and have a small box of them just waiting to be used. Sweet!
Damnation Alley is a post-apocalyptic thriller loosely based on a short story and novel by science fiction writer Roger Zelazny. Zelazny learned the hard way that Hollywood is not big on being faithful to source material, though rumors he demanded his name be taken off the film are not true. Nevertheless, stories of post-apocalyptic survival have been done far better. Not to mention with a budget much large than the $23.35 with which this one was obviously made.
it's the same deal with babes.
Theres no books upon your shelf
The whole thing came down on April 25th, and since then, the trail is cold as ice. Fox News account:Police believe that Zinkhan shot his wife, 47-year-old Marie Bruce, along with 40-year-old Tom Tanner and Ben Teague, 63, at a community theater near the University of Georgia's Atlanta campus.
I am so liking red on my cards at the minute and normally I run for the hills with Red but not at the moment. Also I had to use some Black to be dramatic and make the image pop. The DP is from a Capsle collectiion by Papermania. Few Red gems some Red Satin ribbon. Touch of lace and a Whispers sentiment stamp. I coloured the image with my Promarkers and added some 3d gloss to the watering can.
This is an easy one to participate in...you are just linking to your own blog. No projects to sew, no furniture to paint, no cookies to bake or pictures to take. You are just sharing your blog and then friends will stop by for a looksy.
1History
what the general procedure is for implementing transition-related workplace changes, such as adjusting personnel and administrative records, as well as a communication plan for coworkers and clients.
# 2: Julie Kagawa  The Iron Daughter
This is an exciting time. The Shift is an exciting story. So let me repeat the punch line: What you think and how you choose to hold and direct your emotions, can and will alter how the Earth will change.
Nature, and Nina, just in black and white
Those wishing to view the celebration can browse the MCA website at http://www.mca.org.my; official Facebook page at http://www.facebook.com/MCAHQ or Ustream Home at http://www.ustream.tv/user/mcatv.
Most of the flowers/produce/plants you buy have been raised for the "popularity of the Masses."
whao I rarely get excited when I see a new lookbook (maybe it's cause I'm always so busy or maybe I'm just a big a-hole) but when I saw this on BecauseImAddicted I had an instant urge to repost this GOOD ASS styling....
for those of you trying to dig out of the snow and ice - i'm sending warm thoughts. i think this may be phil's revenge for not getting to play with his shadow this week.
Add vanilla.
Youll get to have a picnic in a small basket under a huge balloon, with a few of your friends, while floating hundreds of feet above the ground and seeing how beautiful the world is from up there. I almost experienced it but my trip got cancelled last minute due to weather conditions, and I never booked another trip.
Writer: Tom OConnor
Here are some sequels with stunning covers that I'm anticipating:
Love, Tor xx
I keep getting invites from agencies to things like 'Revampifying Your Business's 360 Contact Strategy' or 'Brand Ideation In The Age Of The Cloud' or 'Are You A Brand That Can Or A Brand That Won't?'
2 cubbies from Target
There's nothing wrong with them per se, considering they're both first draft WIPs. But The Book scene is right at the climax of this huge fight where the MC is arguing with his mom, and it seems wildly overdramatic out of context.
 Gathers, analyzes and documents detailed business requirements associated to the development of innovative solutions and ensures business strategy, vision, benefits and needs are addressed.
Congratulations! Please email me HERE with your shipping address by Monday night. If you didn't win, I hope you'll consider either buying a copy or renting one when it comes out on the 27th.
So. What the? Oh man! C'mon! I mean damn! Is that all? Anything else?
-stomps in the corner by Punk, taking Jericho outside.
Adidas, the brand was founded in 1949 and is named after the founder  Adolf Dassler. The brand is dedicated to performance and many sport legends wear them. The company has been a pioneer in the sports world at all levels for more than 80 years. It manufactures footwear, accessories and apparel. Today, this group is leading the sports goods field and offers a broad spectrum of products. These products are known for their performance and comfort. This German brand has also expanded into bags, eyewear and watches.
It'll all get better in time
Firstly, I started buying scratchies.
On Tuesday, I started a 21 Day Challenge with my friend, Nif. Usually she does a 10 day challenge starting the 10th of every month, but this month she decided to kick our butts a bit and do 21 days (or you could do the 10). I chose the 21 day.... yep, I'm crazy.
I've used my new Gypsy for the lettering which is from Gypsy Font and the dragonflies are from Gypsy Wanderings.
The nose gave off delicate walnut and coffee with sultanas and dried apricot notes.
We set up our computers in this fabulous screened in sun porch. The spring weather was fantastic - just cool enough to make the hot coffee taste even more wonderful. Rosemary has little hummingbird friends and other native Texas birds right outside her windows who shared their joyful songs with us each morning.
- 1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 scant tsp. salt
Whew, the 2nd half of the semester really ate into my free time. I needed Christmas break to recharge!
When you go to check out, enter the promotion code at the bottom of the page that says "Billing & Shipping" at the top. There will be a box for you to enter your promotion code which will automatically deduct this amount from your total upon check out
This was because Husband had decided to do some ironing and always fills up the water bit to the very top which means he blows the electricity Every Bloody Time He Irons. Almost. Am very slightly Exaggerating here but needs must and all that.
What you get: 1 x Table 2 x Wall Art
1 head nappa cabbage
Ask anyone, Ive always said I have to be in the MOOD for country. Dont get me wrong, Ive been known to listen to it for pleasure. But who knew in mass quantities it would be such good medicine. Apparently, Ive been in this mood for a while now. But, truly, I digress.
One of us.
My first impression? Looks like a builder or even a gangster from Essex. With particularly defined arms. Jony Ive looks like A Bad Boy.
needing the touch of breath.
Jeff Andrews  Well first of all thank you! that is quite a compliment. I am majorly inspired by life in general. The lives of my clients, their needs and dreams of the perfect home keep me at the top of my problem solving, people pleasing, creative best. I feel that my personal style is a constantly evolving process that is fuelled by approaching each project with new eyes. If you trust yourself, your true creative eye will never let you down.
I shook my head again and continued by the rows of graves. So many friends had passed away. Caring, Helpfulness, Gratitude just to name a few.
Therefore, if someone asks you to go clubbing its strongly recommended that you 1. go with people you already know really well, as there will be no possibility of getting to know someone better due to the loudness of the music plus the darkness of the room will make it impossible for you to see a person face. 2. Keep personal items in a zipped up pouch tied across your stomach or chest to avoid being robbed. 3. Do not for any reason accept a drink or food from anyone, as it is likely you are not the first person to receive a gift of a drink or food from them as they are wanting to get in your pants and not develop actual meaningful friendship. 4. Keep sanitizer with you and frequently use it, as the amount of germs you will encounter will be the sum of if every toilet in the world was dumped into one giant pit and you were thrown in the middle of it and forced to swim your way out
Yet again I have managed to neglect you, my dear readers. I promised you lots of things, a movie, a lot of interviews, but I managed to do none of these. The movie, or lack thereof, I could probably blame on technology, but I wish to take full responsibility for my shortcomings. For this I am sorry, but I will more-or-less make it up to you in this post. Yes, you read that right: this post. I will stuff this post full of pictures, impressions and stories. So pay attention and be patient!
Eventually he said, I think we need to let this conversation go now. Im going to try and get some sleep. And that was that.
EAC-FLAC-LOG-CUE-SCANS 413 MB
But then rather than offer an olive branch to customers lost or currently on the fence, which would have been the most logical thing to do, it seems they completely panicked and lost the plot. Hastings went on to announce that he was breaking Netflix into two companies; renaming the DVD-by-mail service to Qwikster and keeping Netflix for online streaming and gaming.
For a time, before I wised up and started fashioning it myself, I used to go to the hairdressers opposite the five-star hairdressers  just hoping that a little of the glamour would rub off through close proximity  and I know what they charged, so I hate to think what a premium haircut used to cost.
Liquid Pearls : Terra Cotta by Ranger Ink
Happy New Year folks!
3) The Al Jaffee Years
7. ABC Flowers - Teacher Gift - One of my favorite things about my kids being in school is getting to reward their teachers for all of their hard work. During teacher appreciation week I made several gifts to show them how much we appreciate all they do, including this easy project.
I'm so thirsty
His books are  like Amanda Hockings  all published in e-format. So he is an expert in the self-publish world.
Guess not.
*About the chutney--it's sweet and made of many, lovely, fruity tastes. I picked it up at a craft fair before the holidays. And this has been my favorite way to use it! PS--Stonewall Kitchen has no idea that I exist--so this is not some kind of paid advertisement. I just wanted to tell you where I got this stuff in case you wanted to try my "Mmmmmm.... Sandwich."
**If you choose to order a program from Christina in the month of April you can get 10% off their purchase!
Tuesday, May 29
Five of todays hottest romance authors celebrate the special place animals hold in our hearts in one unforgettable new collection. From matchmaking parrots to proposing puppies, the animals in these enchanting stories are determined to lend a helping paw on the road to happily ever after. Dont miss these never-before-published tails of couples whose pets give them a new leash on love!
Obamas scripted speeches are slanted distortions. Realities are turned upside down. Acts of war are heralded as peace-making operations
Jill B
Generica also does a good impression of a JRPG when it comes to the graphic and sound departments. The graphics are compiled from a range of old-school sources and, aided by Kentona's excellent map-making skills, work really well when put together. The same can be said of the sounds that are used, as each is used in exactly the right context. A solid effort, to say the least.
Four will continue to make readers melt, even when he and Tris have their battles. While his relationship with Tris tested in some pretty big ways in this installment, painful but realistic at times, readers will still smile at the gentle touches, stolen kisses, and softness that radiates between the pair. A rougher side of Four is seen at times, yet he is such a strongly written character that its easy enough to look past the exterior and see whats underneath. His motivations and reasons come through as strongly as Triss, and he plays his own important role in the events of this installment.
It's all listed on my Products & Prices tab in the above drop-down menu, or in the pages menu in the sidebar. If you want me, I'm all yours! xD
and calls himself my destiny
* Relocation: For constructing a dam, relocation of the human and animal population of that area is required.
In the first incident on Oct 3, 2006, forestry officers came to the kampung while most of the villagers were in Kota Marudu buying food stocks, torched 33 houses and poisoned their young rubber trees.
1/2 to 3/4 tspn of saffron
Protecting the Phoenix Islands means restricting commercial fishing in the area, resulting in a loss of revenue that the Kiribati government would normally receive from issuing foreign commercial fishing licenses. NEAq and CI are helping Kiribati design an endowment system that will cover the core recurring management costs of PIPA and compensate the government for the foregone commercial fishing license revenues. The plan allows for subsistence fishing by resident communities and other sustainable economic development in designated zones of the protected area.
Next I made the trip into the house with the grates, and after a half hour of scrubbing I got those clean along with the covers for the burners. And, I put the pieces back where they belonged.
Roughing up the boys long curls, he admitted, Im looking forward to it at least half as much as you.
Meanwhile, the Sofitel in Manhattan (where the one-time IMF boss is suspected of sexually assaulting Diallo) is providing its housekeeping employees with alternative uniforms in response to the alleged incident.
But there is an ominous explanation that lay behind this follyan even greater folly: (1) They did not remember the Lord their God, who had rescued them from the hands of all their enemies, and (2) they failed to show kindness (Judg. 8:34-35).
I loved the little buttons the moment I saw them with their metal centers that were all covered in patina. Natural beauty right there. I picked them up at The Rusty Chair in Rogers AR and Julie (the owner) said that another lady had been looking through the buttons and was somewhat grossed out by the patina on those beauties, I know, there's no accounting for taste, lol. But at least they were there for me!
Pack 2: Mike Wallace, Ryan Grant, Montario Hardesty RC, Matt Forte
Many thought the world would end because the Mayans couldn't count or by the hand of God but no, unless god is a Canadian its going to be Cameron destroying the world.
Ive been crafting all my life but it was not until last August I started blogging about my paper crafting and participating in challenges  but now I cant stop!! There are so many nice and talented crafters out there it is AMAZING and I love how everyone shares their ideas, supports and encourages each other!
So, my vision of three large panels up there was dashed, and I quickly tried to revamp my plan. When I got home Kevin helped with the measuring and all that math stuff, and then we got down to the painting. They are drying in the front room tonight, and tomorrow we will figure out how to hang them. I'm actually pretty excited about how it all turned out, fiasco notwithstanding.
Constant she revisited earth like rain over Ganges
I am truly blessed to be able to podcast to the world through the internet.
"I know this one of St John's Hospital (the old Poor Law Workhouse) has been on before but John Eastwood raised a question about the Workhouse yesterday and it got me to thinking about the inhumanity of the old Poor Law system.
I am going to let that sink in for a moment.
And then he did a little. Just for fun.
"Disappointing" is the word I would use to describe this new hotel. Ritz hotels around the world are managed by different companies and have varying arrangements for the use of the Ritz name. The name is synonymous with luxury accommodation, but one can see that in this case, the style is far removed from what made Ritz hotels famous. Cesar Ritz himself selected decor of the Louis XVI period, actually a revival of the style 100 years after the original. He adopted modern principals of hygiene and ventilation, and wooed the greatest chefs, sommeliers, and service people to create an environment reminiscent of a beautifully managed palace.
I've stopped bothering with people striving for secession and independent homelands, because its a waste of time and as one particular person here on Facebook said to a friend of mine, I'm old-guard, from the old school and I cannot open my mind to such new ideas. Unfortunately when she was still in diapers I was already involved in the fight for a volkstaat, before 1994. I KNOW it will never happen anymore and I was busy writing an article explaining exactly why it will not happen, but I decided against it, because as long as they keep working at it, it keeps them out of our way, so its better to let them continue with what they're doing.
This time in our lives is all about media & social networking. For some (and I will include myself here) it has become almost an addiction. For some reason, knowing what other people are doing, uploading pictures, gaming, blogging, texting, & watching youtube videos has become more important than what is currently happening in our homes, in our relationships, and even our jobs. And we are not the only ones affected by this addiction. Our children & our spouses suffer the most.
Somehow he hurt his back and ruptured a disc. We tried prednisone and then opiate pain meds. The last two days he could hardly walk, couldnt climb stairs and just screamed in pain. He wouldnt take his
I did decide today to begin stitching my rows together....and even if it takes me a few days...
Acting wise there needed to be really strong performances in order to get some of the heavier themes across. Wisely for the adult roles they crammed it with many recognizable faces. Out of the adults I really liked Woody Harrelson (Haymitch Abernathy), he got to hit some great comedic beats and yet he also creates a wonderful character arc, all thanks to the subtlest of touches. Now Jennifer Lawrence had a huge weight on her shoulders trying to carry this film. She comes through very strong which is good seeming how important Katniss Everdeen is to not just this movie; but a rich tradition of strong female leads in science fiction. Josh Hutcherson as Peeta Mellark is fine, but I dont think he really gets enough attention. Considering that he seems that his character is important for the next few movies, a little more attention on him would have been appreciated.
Quite how Mrs Steerforth failed to follow her own advice is a mystery, but she was one of many people who have fallen victim to our neighbours' generosity with alcohol. She has no memory of jumping up and down to 'Born Slippy' or trying to read a bedtime story to our sons at 12.30am before sliding down the stairs.
Man: Thats enough
DJS SAMUEL VALENTINE AND JES LEOPARD SPIN HARD-ROCK, SLEAZE-ROCK, AND HEAVY METAL
Williams also told us that a backup control system to the blowout preventer called a pod had lost some of its functions.
I choose to believe these little ones. Jesus said to His disciples in Mark 10:14-16: "Suffer the little children to come unto me and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of God. Verily I say unto you, Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein. And he took them up in his arms, put his hands upo n them, and blessed them."
Once we'd had our fill of gingerbread and pretzels it was time to head home, pausing to check out the nearly full moon.
And when a beautiful baby girl was born this past summer with KT's eyes and Kiwi's face, it seemed pretty darn perfect up there in the mountains. Until the ground slid and the earth started moving in ways they never expected. You know when you have a baby and you worry about every thing that COULD go wrong and everyone tells you it never happens? Well, the cold, hard truth is...it does happen to some babies. Some mamas have their fears confirmed. And while the situation may be something you can manage? It's still scary as hell and it never feels fair.
Reduction of Special Interest Influence  Amends the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 (FECA) to prohibit: (1) national political party committees (including any officer, agent, or entity they directly or indirectly establish, finance, maintain, or control) (officer, agent, or entity) from soliciting, receiving, directing, transferring, or spending money that is subject to FECA limitations, prohibitions, and reporting requirements; (2) soft money spending (not currently subject to FECA) for a Federal election activity, in general, by State, district, and local political party committees (including any officer, agent, or entity) or by an association or similar group of candidates for State or local office or State or local officials; (3) soft money spending for fundraising costs by any such committee, officer, agent, or entity; (4) national, State, district, or local political party committees (including national political party congressional campaign committees, entities, officers, or agents) from soliciting, any funds for, or making or directing any donations to certain tax-exempt organizations; and (5) candidates for Federal office, Federal office holders, or their agents from soliciting, receiving, directing, transferring, or spending funds in connection with a Federal election, including funds for any Federal election activity, unless they are subject to FECA limitations, prohibitions, and reporting requirements, or in connection with any non-Federal election unless such funds meet specified equirements.
Running Time: 1hrs 30min
Ill reprint the section about hurdles facing the Brooklyn project and interpolate clarification and commentary. The article states:
The doorbell chimed. Gunther rose and stretched his legs. He answered.
All you have to do to enter the book giveaway is leave a comment below about one of your goals with metal work (even if it's wirework) or a comment on some metal work you have already done - I'd love a link to check it out! One comment only, please, to make it easier for me to pick the winner, and I will pick that winner and post on Saturday, May 12. Comments on my review are welcome too - I'd love to know how I did for my first one! :)
I would like to say that I accomplished my goal of being able to park in my garage, but only partially. I definitely have room to fit my car, which makes me happy. Unfortunately, my house didn't come with a garage door opener remote for a car. So it looks like I'll be making a phone call to the garage door company or a making trip to a store where I can buy a universal remote, if that's even possible. Will post pictures soon.
dahling and step back,
You should do the same.
Im gonna need a miracle
What about you? Has this experience ever happened for you?
(This was especially helpful to me since I spent a lot of time this fall  2010  talking to Jehovah Witnesses about the Trinity, a concept that they do not accept.)
So I for my wedding-day look I have:
This is my last rant on these subjects. After this I am going to instill some positive talk as well as trying harder to loose this weight. I want him to notice that there is a weight loss. He doesnt know that those little chicken things I indulge in are about the only things I consume and its because they are chicken. I am really not consuming much else. He doesnt know that Im moving around more. Lets see how long it takes for him to notice. I have been doing some extra things that he will never notice. This all proves my point that he only ever looks for what is wrong and never for what is right. He has truly missed his calling.
Mr Coulson was called by Mr Sheridan to give evidence for the defence at the High Court in Glasgow in December 2010.
This card had been sitting on my craft desk just waiting for something, so when I saw this sentiment I knew it was a perfect match! I have embossed the orange using my Cuttlebug embossing folder, then I punched circles using scraps and inked edges. This has become one of my face a card designs to use up all those tiny scraps you save. The sentiment is from "Falling Ants Set" and a lil' ribbon to tie it all together!
Actually, I received a Build-A-Bear from an old boyfriend as a just-because present. I was truly touched at the thoughtfulness of the gift.
Feel free to post your results in the comment section. I'd love to see what all of you wrote.
Dr Chua had warned the Chinese community against supporting DAP, claiming a vote for the secular, majority Chinese party would only empower Islamist PAS.
My Review: Based on the suggestions we were given, we added white waffle weave shower curtains to both bathrooms. Candles were placed on wooden dishes in one bathroom with polished rocks around them. We rolled up our wash cloths and put them in a bamboo basket. We added a tall plant to the bathroom, placed in a bamboo pot. We also put bamboo blinds on our windows.
You have to see the opportunities and make them happen. You have to see your dreams become a reality. You have to seize your goals.
Accessories: Circle Nestibilties, Swiss Dots EF, Silver Beads, Glue Pen, Glitter, Dimensionals, Scor Tape
I stay home to watch: Singers, musicians, jesters and The Sopranos
How was the trail? she asked Praymar after a few pensive moments of staring.
Two recent developments, on two different sides of the world, have reopened my eyes to the flawed intermediary liability legal regime that currently exists in India. The first was the recent ruling of the second circuit appellate court in the United States in the much publicised Youtube-Viacom copyright infringement suit. The second one is closer home - the recent calls for the annulment of the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) 2011 from a Rajya Sabha MP and a writ petition filed in the Kerala High Court challenging the same guidelines.
I do this for me. I do this to be a good role model. And I do this to show that I am not always available to drop everything for others. Sounds funny but I want my family to respect that some things are important to me. And I deserve time to pursue my dreams and goals.
Shops and restaurants will also be offering discounts to visitors who present the Be a Local Tourist flyer, which you can collect at the Eltham Centre in Archery Road or any of the open-house venues:
As luck would have it, as we left church that day the priest held the clipboard up to my husbands face, and after being so humbly welcomed by the whole parish, he signed us up. We both agreed we would go to the first meeting and see what it was all about.
Youre Keats,Youre Shelly!
But understand something. The flowers are blooming. The temperatures are rising. Prom has come and gone. Most of them have their college acceptance letters. There are fifteen days of class before graduation (they are counting, not me!).
Its even tougher now that Im still avoiding soyI have to make changes to recipes or buy more expensive items. Im making due, though. Ive been soy free and low fat for over a month now and I havent had any stomach pain, which is nice. I have been branching out and trying a few things with soy lecithin in it and so far that hasnt bothered me. Im convinced its an oil thing as some people can handle lecithin and not the oil. Either way, Im feeling a lot healthier now that Im eating more homemade things without preservatives and giving up the junk food.
3) They do CORI checks (background checks) but dont worry. Unless you killed someone you are probably fine.
Here he is with his new smile! We can see the new tooth popping through already, so this tooth was definitely ready to come out.
They performed many songs from both, Insurgentes and Grace For Drowning albums, including the 23 minutes long Raider II, Abandoner, No Twilight Within the Courts of the Sun, Harmony Korine, Postcard, and my Grace For Drowning favourite, Like Dust I Have Cleared From My Eye. Also a brand new track entitled Luminol. As for the first encore they played Get All You Deserve wearing these really cool masks. And for the second encore, Steven came back alone to have a little chat with the crowd and perform Lazarus and Trains to leave me even more euphoric and in a state of disbelief.
I remember this one. I remember liking it - mostly because it mentions Ellery Queen.
While Edie's lovers ran the gambit (including Mr Bob Dylan), if this were a real engagement session, I'd have my fiance in a slim fit, tailored dark suit with a white shirt and dark tie like the look included in my inspiration board. We'd be at a chic retro bar, martinis in hand, enjoying some live music in the background. Dare to dream :) "
It is interesting to note, though, that although occasionally such letters were written by the parties involved themselves, they were more often written by an amanuensis  someone who knew the people involved but had more skill in writing. These notes are usually deliberately constructed to emphasise the individuals suffering. They often highlight the symptoms and use emotive language to highlight the particular suffering.
a hollow droning to the rain on the roof.
4. Turn mixer to low. Add the dry ingredients in three batches, alternating with the buttermilk in two batches. Mix only until just incorporated.
Heres the big sister in training  shes a pro already:
Theres some good music on this summary track for the final credits. Its not all-out bombast  there are some quieter moments. Theres some clumsy edits though that makes this sound like a suite made in the editing suite rather than being an actual composed piece of music.
Having grown up in a low-income family its easy for me to see that, in a town like Boardman where there is an extreme gap in household income levels, there is real pressure for lower-income families to prevent their daughters embarrassment brought on by a low standard of dress on a night where attire is the highlight. It may not be the same as providing food for a family (which Evangel also does, by the way), but it is still a great avenue for a group of Jesus followers to connect with their community in a meaningful, creative way.
Easy Peasy, right?????
If you do Gods work in Gods way, God will provide. The apostle was experiencing the providence of Jesus Christ as we pick up the account in Acts 27:2.
What then is a response to the increasing marginalisation of the church in the West?
So, now I'm hoping that the rain will clear, we won't get the forecasted snow, and I will be able to continue to wish for summer and swimming. The only consolation in this is that I saw my first Dandelion this week... They are my absolute favorite flower. I love how happy they are!
3)If we read story of abraham and solomon in the quran, we can see how they behaved towards people who did not believe what they believed. Showing clearly aggression on part of prophets of allah.
A few days ago, I saw this. I thought it looked really good and was thinking I would definitely try that with one of my tops. Then I had a brainwave and thought why not do it to my jeans. I've seen jeans like that before and thought they looked good.
When we finally got home at about 3:40, I took a quick shower to get rid of the concert grime, then collapsed in bed. I slept until past 3:00 this afternoon, and I still feel tired! But it was a very good time had by all last night. :-)
Please take a moment to vote for us on Picket Fence! It only takes one click! Thanks!
This is a book that adds to our Sexual Intelligence-and even shows us its practical relevance.
poems set as sketches, or quick character studies, writing poems on many names both big and small, including Doctor Doom, the Joker, Lex Luthor, Magneto, Electra, Lady Deathstrike, Ras al Ghul, Doctor Octopus, Bullseye, the Green Phoenix, as well as sections on various comic book geographies. The book is sectioned into five, from Rogues Gallery: Domination (male villains), Stronghold (countries and other similar locations), Rogues Gallery: Girl Fight (female villains), Bondage (prisons and other similar locations) and Rogues Gallery: Destruction (darker male villains). Her two poems for Joker play against the two sides of his character, from the predominant view of the character over the decades, to the much darker view presented in the infamous
Even better is this tidbit from the Fox News story--
I will be collecting all comments and statements from people that could or have damaged the party.
Enough to finish the ancestral unfoldment
Josh Evans, and Ben Sanders. All artists are established in the Pasadena community and will be at the Art Night opening on April 19th.
There wasn't any thought to make these groups every other month? Or try to adjust it a bit to make it more cost effective? Nope, it is on the chopping block. Has management even thought about attending one of these groups to see what is going on in it? Or talk to parents about what they get out of 2 hours a month?
After Loves masterpiece Forever Changes was released in November1967 the band started to go though numerous personal changes. Drugs, specifically heroin and LSD, have been reported as a contributing major factor in the band becoming dysfunctional. Lee, guitarists John Echols, Ken Forssi and the other main songwriter in the band Bryan MacLean were all using drugs on a regular basis. Lee had an unusual arrangement with their record label Elektra where all royalties went to him, which also created a lot of tension within the band. Stuart-Ware writes about the ongoing financial issues, where they were promised money that never appeared. MacLean left in 1968 and Love was never really the same.
And I'm off...
What I have used here is the ready made kaya but you could also make your own. As requested by my son have also used red bean paste for few of the dough since that is his favorite filling.
It's really pigmented and needed 2 coats for good coverage. The formula was way better than most BB Coutures (I find them really watery), sort of a medium thickness with self-levelling abilities!
Good morning, all, and thank you for letting me vent yesterday. Now today, I'd like to hear from you, if you're feeling so inclined!
Feel free to use and adapt the worksheets however you see fit. They can be used in whatever order you see fit. I have tried to arrange them here with the more specific items at the beginning and the general summaries at the end. If you think any of the answers are missing or any of the information is incorrect, please let me know too.
Overall, Id say our special teams havent performed as well as we would have liked. While Brandon Boykin and Branden Smith have both made tremendous contributions, we also gave up a punt return for a touchdown (albeit due to a bit of trickeration) as well as a fake punt for a touchdown against Sakerlina. Weve also gotten away with couple of mental lapses during the fielding of punts. But, hey, thats why we have practice.
On the way home tonight, the Scripture "Rejoice with those who rejoice. Mourn with those who mourn." (Romans 12:15) came to mind. That is what Pam did with me tonight. She listened well, she loved well, and she reminded me tonight of how blessed I am to have a friend like her. Thank you , Pam.
Everybody would be hopping about like those brave Apollo astronauts romping on the moons surface back in the 1970s, lending an air of childlike joy to everyday life
Fish should be flaky through the middle when it is done.
Stylistics  Here Comes The Sunrise
I had two wishes for Mother's Day: a new garage door opener (I'm nothing if not practical) and to try the cupcakes at Sugar Mountain Bake Shoppe. So on the Saturday before Mother's Day, while my husband and 16-year-old son worked on the garage door, my younger son and I headed to the trendy Park Avenue area to pick out cupcakes.
My old work crew Communion celebrated their second birthday on Thursday. This firstly means its been two years since I worked there, secondly that its been two years since they released their first compilation, and finally gives everyone an excuse for a piss up. Which I think everyone willingly took part, and more importantly succeeded, in. Theyve also gone and released this too:
then Thursday last, the castle.
Most people's looks do not improve as we age, and fear of the loss of physical beauty comes hand in hand with each additional year. The wrinkles start to appear, the hair turns grey, our bellies become bigger, our girth wider. Wherein once you could lure a thousand men, you may find yourself being passed over more and more for younger, prettier things. A relic from an ancient era
This is one of my favorite color combinations and has been a trendy
A brief history: I moved from Vermont to Charlottesville, VA in July 1984 to attend the University of Virginia MFA program with a Henry Hoyns fellowship in Creative Writinga tad over than 26 years ago as Im writing this; roughly, a third of a lifetime.
It took only a month for Melissa to realise that she had damaged her eye. 'It got more and more sore and bloodshot,' she says. 'It was as if I had conjunctivitis all the time. It was sore and weepy, very sensitive. I was really frightened.'
Cook until syrup comes to a boil, washing down sides of pan with a wet pastry brush as needed. Boil, gently swirling pan occasionally, until mixture is caramelized and just reaches 360F. Remove from heat and slowly pour in cream; stir with a wooden spoon until smooth. Stir in sea salt.
heart attack while driving
This place is going to keep me busy.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500 and the other major stock market indices finished yesterday with the best two-day showing since 2002. Im looking at the market rally of the past two days as a classic stock market bear trap. As the economy gets closer to contraction, 2008 will likely be a most challenging economic year for Americans.
February on Instagram: Tuxedo nails, home made cookies, friday night drinks, free beer money, Aloe Blacc and JBT, Miso Udon soup, Valentines cupcakes, Monopoly with the kids, heart nails, roses, chocolate roses, new/old shirt, garage sales, Ladi 6, beautiful weather, Ruby in the garden, cider with Adam, water fight, packages, cute pastel nails, berry cider, more packages, ta da!, stationary, stationary drawer, Ruby nails, Apricot tea, Top Girls premiere, Savour and Devour, Surprise 21st, BAAAAA, Vilagrad, cider, floral nails, amazing home made fish and chips, fashion fest tickets, happy 5th birthday Curtis!
When I saw Mabel as she's now affectionately called, I did deliberate for a time wondering where on earth I would put her, what I would use her for, what colour would I paint her etc etc. I decided against her - walked to the car where hubby and the boys' were sat playing with various phones, electronic devices etc. Having already named Mabel in the shop, I explained my dilemma to them - their first question was 'who is Mabel?' followed by 'what do you want a trolley for?' Hubby already realises that there are some questions you just don't ask, and sometimes it's just easiest to say - 'get it, and think about it later'.
South Sudan has just achieved independence as an autonomous state, but is still on a slow recovery in the learning process. In general the value of young women in Sudan is a painful experience to explain in term of education, since they are only to be married off when they have reached the minimum adolescent age, usually between sixteen and seventeen years. This notion remains because of poverty and a way of life where parents demand dowries as income from their daughter.
A few minutes back I asked him to go out with me on Valentines, "if you're lucky," he smiled.
This post is one of a series from Botany professor Nisse Goldberg's students at Jacksonville University. Student author: Morgan Derner
30 Select the square and press F8 to convert it into a symbol. Pay attention to the following: select Movie clip as type and make sure to select the upper left corner for the Registration point. Enter letter button as name and click OK.
If youre looking for a similar regular volunteer opportunity, Kacie recommends checking out the Hands On Nashville website and seeing which opportunities look intriguing. There are a lot of projects that do not require a specific skill set, which makes it very easy to find a project match!
you are good at? What have people complimented you on? What do you
- suitable for travelling as its light-weight
As we approach the 1890s, trains come to Coney Island and the character changes somewhat. Daytrippers come in, and the area will shortly be characterized by amusement parks and side shows. I dont want to get off topic by talking too much about side shows, but its obviously a form of entertainment very much related to vaudeville, and indeed many of the top vaudeville entrepreneurs either got started presenting sideshow style fare in dime museums, or perpetuated a sideshow-style fare in some of their booking for vaudeville houses.
Here's my second post using Bashful Buddy. I entered it in the Sassy Cheryl Snowy Sketch, but like a dummy, forgot about following the sketch. I was planning on remaking him as a Packer Fan so I quickly colored up another one and followed the sketch exactly. I did take some artist liberty in exchanging his star for a Cheesehead. This is one of the Packer symbols that fans love to wear to the games. I drew this free hand with some Prismas and used a Copic to make the holes. Hope you all like it!
scum, gunk, oozy mush.
So what changed in those 5 years? Certainly not hemp, exactly the same resource extraordinaire that has served humanity for at least 12,000 years. Priorities changed, propaganda changed. And hemp didnt change when the war ended and hemp reverted to our enemy. You might wonder, whose enemy?
Oh, Joan, too bad, so sad.
In all seriousness folks, I am not trying to sell you mustard. I am simply giving you something to try. Everyone gets over a breakup differently, but the foundational strategies remain the same: keep busy, focus on yourself and do things that will make you happy. How you choose to interpret those things is up to you; I simply chose to put a little mustard in my life.
iv) its more then 10 years now when my Dad passed away, miss him a lot and just want to say sorry to him once for certain things.
How evil/nasty is the enemy? Very evil because no one knew it was there, no one could tell when it was laying the foundation for its demonic plans, then adding all the layers like icing on a cake.
RIP Sharpie.
We are ambitious. Our ambition is obvious in the range of initiatives we have underway, from a new library, a private hospital, and a new undergraduate curriculum in 2010.
I used my very under-used Martha Stewart deep border punch and inked all the edges in old paper distress ink. The stamp I stamped directly onto the lighter gingham paper and layered them up. I had a little of the darker yellow paper left so I stamped the centre of the daffodil only onto the scraps I had left. This saved me doing any colouring whatsoever which is good as I'm quite a slow colourer! The ribbon and bow (I think) are from the sunshine capsule collection which were from a previous Docrafts goody bag!
The Angels
In Genesis 1:27 we read:
Did you do it for money?
2. Heat oil in a non-stick pan. Add mustard seeds and when they splutter add Cumin seeds and asafoetida. Immediately add curry leaves and green chili, chopped onion and saute till onion turns transparent.
Yes, Margaret has a hard life with a mother who, to modern sensibilities, is thoroughly awful, seemingly totally lacking in compassion, and yet by the end of the book we come to realise that Margaret herself is just as determined and equally callous.
Stories? Oh yeah I got bunches but will save them for my next post. Let's say some involve naked man parade on bikes, pot pipes, soupy fog, lost cars and more hee hee....WARNING: my hubby & mom may not want to read them hahahaha! But it was all good and Alexa got to see some very "unique" things and a beautiful area to boot!
I reckon that there must be no stranger experience than that of driving an unfamiliar car - I mean if you're driving it for just one day then you don't have time to get used to the dimensions of the car or how the brakes react and little things like that. Which certainly make parking a challenge - lets just say that I made sure that I parked away from the other cars and let them park around me!! Hey - I wasn't wonky, I just didn't want to ding any other car or even this one!
As most of you know, my cat Fifi has recently had 5 kittens. If you know anything else about me, than you know how much I love cats. I have grown up having cats and have always had a cat throughout my married life. I would have 10 cats if Hubs let me!
This kind of approach needs to be leveled with teasing YET with flirting so that its not a weird or awkward transition to later ask her for the digits. IOWs the playful banter/teasing needs to always have a foundation in showing an intimate interest and need to move to the next level. Basically, there should be no surprises when you go from cracking a joke and shes in tears laughing and just as she is catching her breathe from laughing so hard you drop the hammer and ask for her number and shes like WTF?.
As they board the plane, I find out that while they are all in marching band together, they are in town for a robotics competition (height of the high school social ladder right there). I am happy to escape them and settle into my window seat, when one of the students sits in the aisle seat. An older woman approaches our row and points out that she has the middle seat (separating me and the high school boy), but she's happy to take the aisle if he wants to sit with his "friend", meaning me! Yes, she thought I, a mid-20s career woman, was with the high school kiddos. The student and I look at each other, and then I say "Um, I don't know him." She then gets embarrassed and apologizes, saying "Sorry, I thought you were with that group--well, we'll all know each other by the end of this flight!" Cue me putting my headphones in and sleep mask on. Best nap ever.
Other than the movie, I have no additional plans for the day. It's cold and snowing right now, so perhaps I'll have a little nap. Naps are good.
Publisher: Dutton Juvenile
Im going to stack the layers and hot glue them together next, I have a sweet plan for them, but its a secret!
Please prayerfully consider joining me & dedicate this week, through emails, social network status. At this beginning of this season of thankfulness help share 7 days of HOPE with your readers, family and friends.
So, I have had a pretty bad run week. My goal is to run 3-4 times a week. Mostly 30 minute runs with at least one 45 minute run each week. I did fine on Tuesday--30 minutes on the treadmill and even managed to do closer to a 14 minute mile than a 15 minute mile. Then on Thursday, I decided to run on the indoor track. It's about 90 degrees here this week so I didn't think it was a good day to try the run outside. But I knew I had to move beyond the treadmill. Well, it was not so good. I didn't feel great on my way to the rec center. I started my run, got about 15 minutes and felt awful. Decided to take a one lap walk and do the second 15 which I would have been okay with but I could only make it 8. Not sure what happened. I think it was a combination of the way I was feeling, my confidence in doing this run away from the treadmill, and the fact that I was on this tiny 1/13 of a mile track and it felt like I was running forever. So, I'll try again tomorrow. See what happens. I am shooting for 45 minutes tomorrow and will probably run on the treadmill. Next week, temps are supposed to be in the 70s so it looks to be perfect running weather. Maybe that is the week to try the run outside.
2. I am thankful for warm sunshine in the morning.
Sirius XM Radio today announced that Martha Stewart and her daughter Alexis Stewart will host a live, call-in special in celebration of Mother's Day on which they will pay tribute to mothers of all generations and take calls from listeners nationwide.
Once acne has occurred, Zinc is extremely important due to it being involved in healing tissue and preventing scarring. Those nasty acne scars that result from acne can be healed and prevented when proper amounts of Zinc are present in the body. Acne causes numerous problems and damages the skin in many ways and Zinc helps to heal this damage and keep the scarring to a minimal level.
If the Higgs boson is found, then which of at least 6 possible contenders would get a Nobel Prize for it? http://natpo.st/vrwoIn
variants of imatinib mesylate which stayed in mail-box till 2005. In November 2003, the Controller granted first Exclusive Marketing Right (EMR) to Glivec for a period of 5 years. The EMR gave Novartis the right to exclusively sell and distribute the drug in India which Novartis attempted enforcing against the generic manufacturers by filing suits in the Madras and Delhi High Court. In January 2004, the Madras High Court granted Novartis an interim injunction restraining generic manufacturers from manufacturing, selling, distributing or exporting the generic drug. The injunction was later
SEVEN PERCENT WORLD ECONOMIC GROWTH OUTSIDE THE G5
Martial law can be defined as the military taking control of a city, state or country and running it at their discretion. The military would impose control on a civilian population when law and order cannot be maintained by the civil authorities. Martial law scenarios would likely involve a restriction, erosion or suspension of your Constitutional rights by government decree.
It felt a bit cold, though, and for a teen, needed an injection of fun.
We discussed our perceptions about living in the suburbs, some true (like it can be a fake, sheltered bubble) and some false (that somehow we are less holy for not living in poverty). The leaders of the seminar, also from Orange County, talked about the suburbs as having all of the problems of the inner city (drug/alcohol abuse, sexual abuse, financial problems, family brokenness, homelessness), just as being better hidden, with an additional complicationwealth. Stewardship of ones resources is a serious concern for those who live in suburbia.
And so on and so on. You get the picture. These were pretty lame examples but I know theres better ones out there and I want to hear them. Now I just cant wait for the season to start so I can hear Merrill use the name Cox
Seems to me those lessons apply beyond philanthropy.
as a nation, for turning our hearts away from you.
And he shall send Jesus Christ, which before was preached unto you: Whom the heaven must receive until the times of restitution of all things, which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. Acts 3:20-21 (KJV)
The market opened higher on a European rally and traded up to SPX 1387. Then pulled back into the close to 1378. While the rally from yesterdays SPX 1370 low was quite good we see no reason to change the short term wave count, as posted yesterday. Complete details in the weekend report. Best to you and yours!
Jaycee Carroll G 61 187 Utah State
How many years past a Use By date can you go?
Glasses for riding
Wednesday 1 May  Bukhara
8.Jaybird Coleman / I'm Gonna Cross The River Of Jordan
Ok, seriously topping the list for the tips for bands in the music marketing spectrum of things. LINE UP YOUR GRAPHICS!!!!!
Traitor's Kiss
Zaath discovered however one day, that music could actually be played much more easily with a computer and weird machines with knobs and faders.
Turn negatives into positives.
I know its just a cartoon film, but being an adult makes you view cartoons differently! Haha!
He continued to organise balls and famously regulated the tone of the balls most strictly. They ended punctually at eleven, and from this he would not be moved. It is remarkable that a man of no birth could manage his social superiors so successfully, but Nash was most adroit. He banned boots and spurs from balls. One night a gentleman arrived in boots and Nash stopped him at the door with words to this effect. "Why sir!" he said. "You have forgot something. I see your whip and spurs, but where is your horse?" The gentleman concerned retired abashed. Nash also banned the fashion of aprons, and once stripped a costly lace apron from a duchess at a ball and cast it aside.
You write on the glass with a dry erase maker and start filling in things.
She of the infamous Mr. & Mrs. Redneck, the ones who have provided humorous fodder for me, both written and anecdotally, because if you dont laugh at a situation like theirs its too depressing to contemplate. The last status report from the state of their union came a couple months ago when he proudly stated he didnt give a damn what she thought or said about it; hes not leaving until the kids they have now are grown and gone. I guess that means he just bought himself another eighteen years, give or take. Maybe hes smarter than Ive given him credit for, what with a sperminating insurance policy like that.
Strictly speaking, the Massachusetts law was rejected because it was in conflict with the United States own sanctions against Burma (if you believe the rationale presented by the Court). The U.S. was not speaking with one voice. However, the story is more complex than this. The Massachusetts law was enacted before the federal government imposed sanctions, and further: it had teeth. The sanctions (passed in 1997) were much weaker. They were designed to suit corporate interests, particularly those of Unocal, the American oil company that has a large investment in Burma, since they (and other companies) were not required to divest their current operations, only not to engage in new projects.
Starcast : Elijah Wood, Ian McKellen, Liv Tyler, Viggo Mortensen, Sean Astin
If Dylan still throws down gauntlets these days, then this could have been just such a moment. Let them all come, he might have been saying. And let them even dare to try rocking half as hard as that. Tonight, Highway 61 Revisited was nuclear blues. Everything was tight, everything impossibly right. It doesn't get any better than that. And throughout the entire show, not a word was wasted, not a single word even uttered, in fact. No pandering here, no 'Hello Dublin', no between song thank yous, not even a band introduction. If there was any concession to, or even acknowledgement of, the audience, then it was to be found in that one peculiar moment of posing, and then, at the very end, a quick line-up with the band, before they traipsed off to go their separate ways, another leg of the tour ended, another job done, and done well. Tonight, the songs were left to do the talking, and really, isn't that just as it should be?
Of 150 registered titles, half the PLR comes from the top four titles - they are all children's fiction. Of the top 10 titles, 9 are fiction. More of my titles are non-fiction than fiction, so that's a very significant result. The non-fiction title in the top ten is a glossy, very visual book on volcanoes published by Dorling Kindersley. Of the 9 fiction, all except one are published by a very large publisher, and all published since 2007. The books with titles most likely to appeal to children (in my view) did not score higher than those with less intriguing titles. (The official info that has been released so far shows loans of children's fiction up slightly, loans of adult books slightly down.)
Of moths.
Sheep huddle against stone walls, keeping well out of the force of the wind. The hail, when it comes, is sharp and cuts into the skin. At least we end up with rosy cheeks.
and I'll post my creations here on the blog within the next few days.
To place an order for this kit, simply send me an email stating how many kits you would like.
I think the title of this blog would make a good book title. Hmmmm..
This was after leaving 20 (plus or minus) messages for him and after hand delivering a letter on September 14, 2011, and getting zero response from him. So on November 1, 2011, Gordito showed up at my door at 7:30 in the morning. I thought that it was rather rude to show up so early in the morning without calling first. But rudeness from the VCSO is just the tip of the iceberg and, really, to be expected. By the way, I received a letter on November 9, 2011, from The Man that said this:
Large Serving Bowl
US patent practitioners are breathing a collective sigh of relieffor nowsince inequitable conduct has become harder to allege and prove. However, at least one of the losing parties is petitioning the US Supreme Court for review, so this decision may not yet be the last word on unenforceability of patents for inequitable conduct.
"The pub called... you forgot your wheelchair again."
The Illusionist (Animated Film)  Dec 25
Ideally, wed hope to see mental health professionals deployed to screen everyone in police custody, with the benefit of access to health records systems like Epex. Of course, the police arrest people 24/7 all year round. In my force alone there are thirteen 24/7 custody offices and in my borough, we arrest about 750-800 a month. To have a professional available to see everyone, its quite possible youd need psychiatric nurses or other appropriate mental health professionals working 24/7 covering two custody blocks. Regardless of which grade of nurse / professional used, its going to be expensive business and this is usually where the vision falls flat and thoughts turn to cheaper alternatives. This is where The Emperors New Clothes comes in, because in reality diversion services often seek to turn 24/7 business into something that can be managed without face-to-face screening and on more of an office hours basis and thats where initial problems start to emerge.
So our main concern is our lighting/nightstand situation. We're obviously not going to live in our basement apartment forever (cross your fingers people) but since we are right now, the way our room is set up doesn't provide too much storage. Because of this, i don't have as much room on my side of the bed for a nightstand because Chris has a larger one with some storage space. If we could both fit something like that, it would obviously be ideal, but since we can't we were just going to stick to the one nightstand for now. But then comes the question, what do we do about lamps?? Chris HATES the idea of wall lamps, which i obviously thought was brilliant! But now i'm questioning my taste...maybe they ARE ugly and my husband has a point. Regardless, i found these swing arm lamps and this tutorial on how to cover up cords that hang down if you're in a temporary living situation like we are. Does anyone have any inspiring ideas??? I need some help here....
If you read the text, hes not at all judgmental of these people, Anderson said. Hes sitting there looking at them, diagnosing their illness. They all shared a certain, what he called, madness. And he made no bones about that.
11. Send your photo strip to yourself or someone else, your total cost is $0.00 (no coupon code required, for new Wink users only, shipping is free)
now: exams, exams, exams. I pretend not to notice 'country living' and 'jamie magazine' begging for attention.
Started off Protoss(Me) Vs. Terran. I started by building a robotics bay as soon as I could. Put out a transport ship and expanded to the island bases hella fast (Playing Lost Temple). Around 20 minutes in, I had 3 full bases, my main, and 2 island bases. He ran in with an army of marauders and tears down my main base. Whatever, they can't set feet on my islands without getting slaughtered...
That said I might re pitch this yeast into another brew to see how the fermentation carries on during a re pitch. I'm thinking the beer will be a re brew of Sean Paxton's Archaic Beer, an Oierbeer type malt bill. This was one of the best beer's I've made in my opinion, the perfect mix of complex malt flavors, spicy yeast and low level sourness.
We are beautiful, and beauty never dies
Quickly, and without warning, Sid cut the wheels hard to the right and the engine raced, and the tires screeched, and the front left hubcap abandoned the wheel and raced across the hammer lane into the median.
There is not even solitude in the mountains
Nice!
In Qubec, a police officer can NOT carry mace or pepper spray, unless they are in uniform. There is one exception: anyone can carry bear repellent if they can prove that there is a viable reason, something hard to prove if you live in the city!
Sprinkle with cheese.
The next set is a hen turkey feeding by the camera. The hens are laying eggs right now. We had an unfortunate accident yesterday with a nest. We were planting corn before the rain hit and one of the coulters on the corn planter hit a nest and break most of the eggs. That was the first turkey nest any of us could remember being in one of the corn fields. Usually all we have to worry about in the spring are to fawns laying in the hay fields when we're mowing.
10. Quality time with my daughter
Present-day Helena stands forlorn and forgotten some seven miles northeast of Karnes City on State Highway 80. For forty years, however, the town had a reputation for shooting, fighting, stealing, and drinking far out of proportion to its peak population of 600. It was the wildest Texas town during a particularly turbulent period. (Texas Historical Society)
I have a hardback of this book which has only been read once so if anyone would like it then please leave a comment and Ill pick someone at random in a week and announce the winner here. I will post anywhere.
Next was the ethereal Arielle Dombasle, a frequent talk-show guest and wife of Bernard-Henri Levy. She looked impossibly thin and iridescent. In person, she seemed almost non-existent physically -- ghostlike, a vanishing Cheshire Cat with plumped lips. Her co-guests were Edouard Baer and the cast of Looking for Mr. Castang, who were boisterous and funny, funny, funny! Theirs is a show I'll definitely want to see.
This dish is easy to make, although it involves a bit of time in the prep work. It takes advantage of some of winters seasonal root vegetables : yukon gold potatoes, yams, parsnips and carrots. These vegetables are nutrient-dense, and very generous sources of fiber, especially when the skin is consumed. Root vegetables have enjoyed a bit of an upgrade in status in recent years, having previously considered to be peasants food and set aside for their more desirable relatives in the vegetable kingdom, the green leafies. But along with the movement to eat more seasonally, as well as an emphasis on nutritional value, these previously overlooked vegetables are enjoying a resurgence in popularity in many kitchens.
POSITIVE REINFORCEMENT
Reporters and their bosses are still out there chasing each others' tails looking for the next O.J. or Nicole Smith. What's the latest hot story eating up thousands of reporter-hours as we speak? The possibility that John Edwards and his mistress made a sex tape. If it doesn't turn up, they'll just go back to their endless follow-ups on Sanford and Jackson.
All historians agree today that the schism which eventually became a permanent form of separation between Eastern and Western Christians did not occur suddenly. It was the result of a progressive estrangement (the English term used by the French theologian Yves Congar), and cannot even be dated. The churches of Rome and Constantinople were often separated for long periods of time already between the fourth and the ninth centuries. Those early conflicts were sometimes caused by heresies, held in the capital of the Eastern empire (Arianism, 335-381; Monotheletism, 533-680; Iconoclasm, 723-787; 815-842) and rightfully rejected by Rome. Sometimes Rome and Constantinople differed in their attitude in the field of eccliastical oikonomia (the Neo-Nicean position, inherited from the Cappadocian Fathers, 381-ca. 400; the attitude to be adopted towards the Henotikon, also referred to as the Acacian schism, 482-518), and communication was broken on those grounds. Whatever the issue and whoever was at fault, it is clear that, underneath the debate on a concrete theological or disciplinary problem, there was a developing difference on the repective authority of the apostolic see of Rome on the one side, and on the other, the idea of a conciliar consensus prevailing in the East.
The GT86 is closely related to Subarus BRZ. Prices for the Subaru are yet to be released but are expected to be marginally higher than the Toyota.
Later this summer I'll have to read Through The Looking-Glass and see if my observations hold in that story as well.
How pathetic was quality control for Topps during this era (rhetorical). Did they not have even one good copy editor on staff?
#7. coming home from work to a hubby cooking dinner
Happy 30th Day of December!
The kids warred on daddy, then Daddy and The Princess warred on Mr 10, and they all had a very satisfactory afternoon.
When Ehiru  the most famous of the citys Gatherers  is sent to harvest the dreams of a diplomatic envoy, he finds himself drawn into a conspiracy that threatens to drag the dreaming city into war.
Little did she know, I thought connivingly, that me and Bogdan, when wed no fanny to hand, would take turns on each other in what he liked to call the Daisy Chain, whereby I would anal him (or vice versa) while giving him a reach-reach around wank, while he would be reaching behind (a reach behind, I suppose) wanking me off, while I, with my one free hand would be rimming myself and trying to reach my male g-spot, while he, with his one free hand, would be left to tickle his own balls. It was an invention we both conceived of one night we were doing coke and had the horn a weaker.
And Im a member of Amazon Prime. For $79 a year I get unlimited 2-day shipping, access to 12 ebooks (1 a month from their library of 100,000 titles) and unlimited access to thousands of movies and TV shows. This is another tremendous bargain. I also buy ebooks for my Kindle and iPad from Amazon. Costs run from free to $9.99. On very rare occasions Ill pay more, but it hurts. Digital books just seem less valuable than physical books. I dont feel like I collect digital books like I do with hardcovers. I dont even feel I own ebooks.
SEAN: Sandals. I like my feet to breath.
Eros Ramazotti Musica e I
Many thanks to the sharer from Holland for making this available.
ELDERFLOWER MARTINI (makes two cocktails)
The Chatterbox, who is sitting on me so that she can see better, starts to fidget after about 20 minutes. I glance at my watch and realize that this show is not going to be over after an hour as Id hoped. Just before the interval, the Chatterbox whispers to me, Is it almost over? Coincidentally, the lights go up. I have to explain patiently that we are only halfway through.
AND THIS IS HOW IT WORKS IN REAL LIFE, PEOPLE. Everyone thinks they have the right to shoot anyone who "advances" on them, or just squats in a house. We have regressed to the Wild West, where everyone can pull their glossy six-shooters on everyone else, while simultaneously claiming to be the wronged party.
Krishna to Krishna is the chariot of fire across the prima facie of Christ
If you have lots of dies, you could keep going all year! I suppose you could use almost anything to ink around really. Well, within reason!?
What he said next, blew my mind. Listen, Im in a hurry too! I mean I just took an hour (which he didnt) to go up on your roof! So Im trying to tell you what the problem is. (Which he wasnt.) So, you have a small leak on the flat roof, and another one right on that eave, and if you want I can get some plastic to cover that chimney cap. Itll cost 8 or $900.00! Then he just writes his name on a doorknob tag and leaves. He doesnt even give me the written proposal.
Justice without mercy is legalism. Mercy without justice is license. Only when we realize the need for justice tempered with mercy do we have a fair and equitable result.
Jackson and Cooper are always eager to hold Maggie.
I banned airsoft guns two weeks before the wedding so we wouldn't have unsightly welts across their faces. (For those of you that don't know, airsoft guns are the newer, more powerful versions of BB guns.)
In another pan pour 2 tbsp of oil and put finely chopped ginger and garlic and fry for 30 sec. Now add the chopped onion and fry for 2 mins, then add chopped capsicum and fry till they are half cooked. Put the soya chunks and chopped tomato along with capsicum and fry for a min. Pour soy sauce, hot sauce, tomato ketchup and fry for 5 mins in medium flame till cooked. Tasty soya chunks manchurian is ready to be served as a side dish.
If blood is the answer, you are asking the wrong question.
Programming Interns will be responsible for providing support to any of our many programs, such as Japanese Conversation Club, NW Nikkei Museum, Nikkei Genealogy, Yujis Omusubi, Special Events, etc. This is a great opportunity for an intern to gain valuable skills in program planning and coordination. Duties may also include general office work and other administrative tasks.
Price: $21.99 at BC Liquor.
300 East University Boulevard, Tucson, AZ  520-551-2053  www.TheRogueTheatre.org
Whats your favorite fried food indulgence? I began to ponder this question about 2 weeks into my diet. This may have been an effort to conjure up the aroma of foods that I so love in order to pretend that I am tasting them. May have been. Anyway, after careful consideration I have decided upon my favorite. Crunchy, delicious, Southern Fried Chicken. There is something almost therapeutic about biting into a crunchy piece of chicken and getting to the juicy delicious chicken meat. Its such a simple food, but oh so tasty  and pairs just fantastically with mashed potatoes, gravy, green beans, macaroni & cheese, potato saladwell..you get my point. Oh, and sweet tea  you must have sweet tea.
It dated from a period of intense activity that had swept down along Elk Creek through Tin Pot Valley a few years earlier. The Oregon Western Railroad, a Southern Pacific subsidiary, bought right-of-way for a short-line to connect the interior of Oregon with the rich but isolated
credit: 10asia
Please satisfy my heart!
Also up today: yoga until my bones are stretched and Im feeling a little bit calmer (and maybe not falling over in this session), heading into work a little late to accomodate my appointment to Fix the Internet, and making this new recipe with Ky.
Now, before you gasp and think of all the reasons why I'm wrong, keep reading and let me explain.
Pomegranates
Sunday, Nov. 9th
Goodie Mob performed their new single recently on The Voice. The long awaited reemergence of the legendary group is finally over. After over a decade of dis-membership they join back together to perform this interestingly unique but totally normal performance, when it comes to the Goodie Mob that is. The group known for their extravagant use of obscure and different style in clothing. Beside the perception of appearance, the song, that is sung and performed is very inspirational. Nothing less is expected of cee-lo and his cast. The album Age Against The Machine is expected to be released sometime later in the year.
Wells Fargo bought Wachovia Corp., the fourth-largest U.S. bank by deposits before the 2008 acquisition. Because depositors were pulling their money from Wachovia, the Fed channeled $50 billion in secret loans to the Charlotte, North Carolina-based bank through two emergency-financing programs to prevent collapse before Wells Fargo could complete the purchase.
I turned up on the first day in full school uniform, one of only two boys wearing a cap. The other was called Cheeseman. I was assigned to the same class as Cheeseman and sat next to him as the seating plan was alphabetical. Two little boys with two little caps. It breaks my heart to think of the naivety of it and the potential for piss-taking. But this was a nice school. Bullies were few and far between and didn't pick on me for some time. I settled into certain classes with ease. English, maths and French. Everything else, I hated.
2) Low-malt beer (happoshu):
In this test too, Windows 7 seemed to put up a better show. While the graphics performance of both Windows 7 and Windows 8 was somewhat the same, the latter proved to use more battery power. No matter how impressive the UI of and OS is, what users ultimately seek for is enhanced performance and battery life. As such, would the new OS be able to cater to the needs of users who spend long hours on their PCs is a question that remains unanswered.
2 cups all purpose flour
I know many, many, women who are doing more than recovering from addiction, and healing from childhood trauma. They are working hard to build their disintegration experiences into a firm foundation of personal integrity and authenticity. These women, and I am one of them, have moved beyond excuses and blame and self abuse. They live in honesty of all that they were, what they experienced, how it affected them, and those around them. We have a gleaming personal integrity. We make mistakes, and take responsibility, we apologize, we keep moving forward. Its a beautiful way to live, and a gorgeous thing to watch.
I mean, how can you not *love* him???
I was new here and very naive and innocent. I was wide-eyed and easily impressed. On one particular night while driving a taxi, I was lost in Queens, looking for a particular address on Kissena Blvd. I was tired, it was dark, and the print on my borough map was getting too small and painful to decipher. An older driver was standing outside his cab - if I recall, he was eating a sandwich. He looked seasoned, so I asked, "Do you know where Kissena Blvd is?'
The Compleat Pet Owner
$0.99 Lindsay Olives 5-6 oz.  with in-ad coupon  limit 3
But you can always safeguard you.
09. Low Sun - Chicane / 6:57
To start, we had the Grilled Halloumi Cheese (with Lesvos Ouzo, Oregano, Lemon, & ABC Baguette) and the Orzos Caesar (with Garlic Croutons & Spanish White Anchovies). The two pieces of Halloumi, with a light seasoning, were nicely grilled, and there was plenty of thin slices of baguette to spread the cheese atop. The Caesar was huge, and could have easily fed two people, and filled with plenty of fresh produce and the anchovies added a nice touch. For entrees, we chose the Organic Shenandoah Valley Beef & Pork Bolognese atop spaghetti, a hearty and flavorful dish, and the Meyer Ranch Sirloin Steak with Roasted Yukons, Mushrooms, * Oven Dried Tomato-Garlic Butter, another hearty and delicious choice.
One of the more interesting developments referred to in passing above is the fact that FTI Consulting has taken on Richard Kershaw from Catalyst in Hong Kong. Richard is one of the big beasts of Far Eastern eDiscovery, and his engagement is a significant pointer to FTIs increased interest in the region. I knew that they had an important new hire in prospect to add to their growing team, and had idly scribbled Richards name down as the most likely candidate. I am glad to have been proved right, and I look forward to seeing the effect on FTIs presence in Hong Kong.
Its too rat's tail-y! So theres virtually nothing to loosen, so at the roots you're left with a nice wave, but at the ends theres hardly any wave at all and it doesn't look much different from the above picture.. no, not nice is it!
I was so happy that the visitors from Australia came to Kolky. It made me so proud to show off my village, and be the expert around town. It was also a learning opportunity for me, my colleagues, the students, and the guests. Truly a win-win-win-win! Their exploration of family history and pursuing relationships with the people from where there ancestors came from has sparked a new interest in me. Hopefully I'll be able to learn more about my family history over Winter Break in the States. As Mick and Julie know, a long and often incomplete search, but a process that is certainly adventurous and meaningful.
One aspect that could have improved this collection? It begins with many eloquent essays from catalogues of photographic exhibits. Yet, few photos are included. This forces a reader to rely more on Dyer's evident skill with words to tell us what is shown, but often, it's frustrating to have so few examples as illustrations. That being said, William Gedney's power as an artist leaps off the printed page, thanks to Dyer's verbal skill.
Level 10: MP Cost: 12, Duration: 120 seconds, ATT: +20.
You're in the mood for a dance
I wanted it to be fun to open, but it is almost impossible to find pretty boxes and shipping materials. I used a large box that a new pair of boots had come in at the beginning of winter. I stamped some pretty coordinating paper and glued it to the inside of the box lid (where a big black logo had been stamped from the boot company)- I lined the entire box with pink and white tissue paper. Then I wrapped each item individually in stamped tissue paper. I stamped the tissue paper with "thank you" and various birds, flowers, etc. in different colors. I wrapped each package with some fun fibers and then embellished them with some chipboard accents that coordinated with the pinks and whites. I also took an acrylic star ornament and applied gesso, let that dry, then using a paper towel applied some pink ink and paint, rubbed the paint and ink back, and then glazed it. Let it dry and tied it to one of the packages. Once I had it all arranged in the box, I added some of my cards, my coupons, a FREE bar of soap (most of the time I will give out sample size soaps, but this was a more costly order so I went with a free bar), and a handmade card from me telling the customer how much I appreciated their business.
Don't forget this is a blog hop! Add your direct link below and then add the code to your blog while in the edit HTML mode and your readers can play along right from your blog!
Whipwhirls are immune to the effects of bashing weapons (magical or otherwise), and if struck by an edged weapon (magical or otherwise) will separate into two smaller whipwhirls, each with half the hit points of the original. Each whipwhirl has 1 hit point per five feet in length. When reduced to lengths shorter than 2, a whipwhirls attacks become ineffective as they become innocuous at that length.
Stingrays are one of several new technologies used by law enforcement to track peoples locations, often without a search warrant. These techniques are driving a constitutional debate about whether the Fourth Amendment, which prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures, but which was written before the digital age, is keeping pace with the times.
Theyll look like morons when they get to the debates
288 10. Modern Greece. Contributions to the article in the Fifteenth Edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica. Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, October 30, 1997, p. 3. (Source: Item C-1974(2), above.) See Item C-2001(6), below, pp. 435-36.
Dealing with loss
As you can see, following these steps to the letter results in a pillowy, light, airy souffle that rises high above the rim of the ramekin. You'll want to present and eat them fairly quickly once they are out of the oven; they do deflate dramatically after about 5 minutes.
For the opening third of L.A. Noire, I didn't understand Phelps. I kept thinking I was doing something wrong. Normally, I play the good guy, or at least the cool anti-hero, and it took me a long time to realise that Phelps is just an arrogant prick. L.A. Noire became much more enjoyable after that. It wasn't my fault that Phelps was a human wrecking-ball; I just had to deal with it. But I was relieved when control switched to the far more agreeable Jack Kelso late in the story.
- Use breastmilk as a cure-all for just about anything that ails them. Clogged tear duct? BM. Baby acne? BM (like overnight, it's a miracle!). Diaper rash? BM. Pinkeye? BM.*
And this was on top of monthly creating PLASTIC MAN and MIDNIGHT stories, the various back-up stories scattered all over the pages of Quality comics, and several covers!
be allowed to tread its native fields,
2. Understand that leadership is about people. While leadership does involve making decisions and taking action, it is centrally concerned with people and behavior.
2. Eating Too Fast
- the one time i was sitting in the tire swing and the branch broke.
By lite dramatically changing lifestyle. It has allways been like this and street art Will just go were it is heading
There was that time when the kids were misbehaving and being too loud, so we left before the meal even came to the table, taking dinner to go. Not fun when you have to drive 25 minutes to get to the restaurant and then leave before you even eat. But knowing that other people were looking to eat their dinner in peace we decided it be best if we high-tailed it out of there.
April usually keeps her story secret to avoid being mocked... and told to get off the couch. When people learn April is feline, they complain about the hair she sheds on their furniture and clothes. April, of course, is skittish around dogs and thinks they're slobbering beasts.
I have my life before me. I will give others the joy I have and God will give me more joy. I will do everything God tells me to do. I will follow the footsteps of God. I will do my best!!!
I hold for you,
26. Sequence 26 (02:40)
Da Misfit refusedda pizza offer I made to him. And I even brokea into a chorus of Thats Amore too.
THE "ISLAND" IS LIFE-DEATH-REBIRTH...REBIRTH.
Hello, Fire Enthusiasts.
It was while we were examining that specific scene, that we noticed a vehicle standing on the opposite side of the highway. On closer inspection we discovered that the sole occupant, sitting behind the steering wheel, had been shot dead in the head. The entrance wound resembled the typical .38 or 9mm calibre.
Dissolve the yeast in the milk and stand for 5 minutes. Add the flour and mix well. Rest the ferment at room temperature, well covered with a tea towel, for 1 hour.
I have always loved architecture. And at one point in my life, I thought about becoming an architect. But, I realized that I didn't really want to design buildings - I just liked looking at them. I'm the kind of person who will go to a concert in a beautiful music hall and spend the evening staring at the intricate ceiling. Or go to ten open houses - just for inspiration. I just love that stuff.
As to farming matters - for weeks it has been so dry that there has been no point in putting fertiliser on the grass as it would just sit on the surface - the ground was like concrete. Now, after days of heavy rain, the reverse is true. Luckily, in the interim period the farmer got his fertiliser spread. Now it is the rolling that is waiting to be done and the ground is too wet. I don't suppose there is ever a perfect year for weather as far as farming is concerned and farmers through the ages have learned to take what comes, which is one of the farmer's favourite expressions.
She designed and created baby layettes and then went door-to-door downtown to the various department stores where management agreed to sell them on commission. They sold, too.
Right now I play most of the blockbuster games and Im left with a meh feeling. Some good moments but still some really bad. And I feel that if theyre developing these new consoles will they do away with the 360 and PS3 entirely? Sony seems to be heading that direction and returning to the motive of destroying used games. I get that you want the developers to get more money to make more games, I get that. And I support that. What I dont support is having that used game linked to my account and my account only. Thats a horrible idea! I have to be connected to your online network just to boot up single-player? Bad move Sony and bad move Microsoft. If this is in the final stages of your system I wont buy. If I want that Ill just go on Steam and play on my PC. Console games are made for the home and thats why.
This has been a problem for sometime now. Theres been lots of warnings, lots of punishments, lots of talks about making good choices, in fact Saturday was the last day of her early nights that shed been given for the very same reason. There was nothing more for it, she clearly needed a stronger message. We grounded her for 1 week. Not being allowed out to party with your friends at age 6 is inconsequential, so for now, being grounded means a complete lack of privileges and treats, weve also swapped the bunks about and she is now on the bottom bunk. Once we awarded her with her punishment she was told that we expected her to think about her behaviour and come to us with a proper apology.
However, the Quran is clear that Allah is the Lord that has knowledge of everything:
There are complexities to it such as whether the dyed threads are the ones held tightly lengthwise on the loom (the warp fibers) or the ones used to weave in and out of the warp fibers, creating the cloth (the weft fibers)  or both the warp and the weft fibers, creating a more intricate and complex pattern, but basically thats it.
That the Eagle became such a resonant and lasting voice in Brooklyn would have come as a surprise to its founders, who intended the paper to be a temporary endeavor, as a voice for the Democratic Party in Brooklyn through the election season following the death of President William Henry Harrison. But one of the founders, a printer named Isaac Van Anden, saw the papers value and took it over as the sole proprietor after the election.
I am in desperate need of a new eye color palette that I can wear everyday. My NARS set I have from 2 years ago is just about toast. I tend to purchase seasonal sets because I think they are a better value. I just came across Laura Mercier's new spring palette and I am thinking this is going to be the one for 2012...
That was in Communist Poland and it was the same routine throughout the Soviet Union and the Eastern bloc on May Day. Communist leaders gave bold and loud speeches to no end praising the workers for their sacrifices for the State and the general welfare of the people. People lauded over them and some stood awe struck as they spoke their words of honey laced with poison. Problem was, as Joanna pointed out, all that talk of sacrificing for a better life DID NOT apply to the common man or woman in the USSR! It only applied to the elites in the Kremlin and the Communist Party. The people suffered in squalor while the elites in the Kremlin dined endlessly on champagne and caviar sneering at the common folk, mocking them, and laughing at them and how stupid they were. And you dont think the elites today are not doing the same thing? Think again. They are laughing at YOU and mocking YOUR own stupidity!
5. Let 2,3, & 4 be well cooked under moderate fire, while stirring now and then. Add a little water if ingredients gets too dry.
Shorts: Cherokee @ Tesco.
The days were unbearably hot, then after a few days and nights of thunderstorms, it is cooler.
a first-rate accent. In a remark that seemed delightfully uncalculated
Diomedes in the tail of Denebola riding the occult geometric device
Picture Keeper also is running a promotion right now. Purchase a Picture Keeper at a participating Walgreens store and receive a coupon for 50 FREE Prints at a Walgreens Photo Center. Just save your receipt and email it to sales@picturekeeper.com and they will provide a $5.00 Walgreens gift card!
God, of the substance of the Father, begotten before the worlds; and Man of the substance
and its stopping at your face.
But the overall effect is one of intense joy...
Octoroon, meaning a person with one Black great grandparent, is a word I find fouler than miscegenation, a word seeing an ancestor as a Taint, and a word symbolising almost but not quite passing as Normal. And I see it in myself. And the shuckin and jivin self, trying to get by under the radar.
Here are the rules for the award:
The videos include John Hemming MP who pointed out that Parliament can remove judges!
But even more remarkable is the birkat hamazon (grace after meals prayer) that we recite after eating bread, and even more puzzling is the innocent and oblivious manner in which we recite the following
I know, so cute!
Of course I couldnt leave this post with saying something about the REAL tourist shopping: Wangfujing Street, which is their famous shopping street. Similar to New Yorks 5th Avenue or Chicagos Magnificent Mile, Wangfujing is energetic and vibrant, even, or maybe especially, at night.
In the post below, I thanked onwindydays for the award, and did a link.
The first evening we were in a packed restaurant. "Years ago that wouldn't have been possible," said my companion, as a young black family came in and was shown to the last empty table. I engaged my mouth before my brain. "Why not?" I said. And then I remembered. Being a child of the fifties wasn't just cowboy films. It was also segregation. So we started talking about protest. We weren't drinking tea. She had watermelon juice and I had rice milk with cinnamon. We were a long way from Gloucestershire and I had a lot to learn.
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing Moms who make such an incredible difference and impact on all of our lives!! xoxo.
For The Lover hath been made The Fool
I know there's a wee bit of a revival going on,
Throw n Crush Affiliated 3 Complete Bandy n Crush Affiliated 2 aural 50 seconds
But I am a mother. And this is my calling.
I lunge forward.
When I talked about getting the right suit, I recommended going the mid-range as far as quality and price are concerned. I dont recommend this with dress shoes. You want to buy the best quality shoes you can afford. Go cheaper on your casual shoes, but if youre only going to own one or two pairs of dress shoes, make them count.
Pitted against
The aftermath...notsomuch. Ten minutes later I am ready to puke. Seriously ready. I feel like I literally ate 14 lbs. of cookies.
Our Creative Corner challenges us to "cut it out," so after I embossed the Celtic stencil, I cut closely along the design lines and mounted it on my card with dimensional foam.
First of all, this allergy season has been bad. Friday I caught myself wheezing in ways/tones I have never heard. Had to go to 3 different shops to finally find eye drops because the other stores were all sold out. But it wasnt bad - it was the one day in recent memory that was not windy, so that helped a lot.
Bring your good mood as well as your toys and a $5 donation to help cover the space.
And while its fair to say that GABS attracted many of the brewing community Glitterati as well as other specialist beer venue and retail staff and various other notables it also catered very well to the average punter. It was pleasing to see so many young and old, sharing experiences and asking opinions and talking in the queues and swapping tasting notes as the day went on.
I have a slim hope left. I have to dodge with my unskilled faun, pick up the ball, throw long to the elf, who can then score to tie it up.
Maybe running without all the pressure and the time constraints and the sheer panic will be quite pleasant.
So I called and told them I did not receive the emailed copy and had just received the mailed copy, and asked if they would stipulate to extend the response time. They refused. They forwarded me a copy of an email confirmation from the Court allegedly proving that they emailed a copy to me on the day they filed it. I emailed back, explaining that their mistake was now clear -- they had entered the email address improperly, and so it did not get to me. They still refused to stipulate to an extension.
2) We can instead simply change our responses (R) to the events (E)  the way thing are- until we get the outcomes (R) we want.
C.B.P.M.
You are the only one for me
COPS 2170  The Power of Law (PC)
The moment that I step outside
So whats a hope, and whats an expectation? Is there a difference? Is there harm in having high expectations? Harm to me, harm to Rowenna? What is realistic? And does that even matter? If I have an expectation and Rowenna fails to meet it  am I at fault? Did I not work hard enough, or is it simply the result of Rowennas abilities? And if Rowenna is going to do things in Rowennas time, why do we push and push for skills and milestones? (These are just a sampling of the things running around in this head of mine lately  wish I had some answers!)
I guess I don't mind so muchit will give me an extra dose of giddiness when the sunshine and warmth returns.
you know what is coming next...POSTCARDS.
You know their names, but its a long enough list I wrote it down, he said, proceeding to list them  from Herman Cain to Michele Bachmann and Rick Perry.
By the way, earlier this week I have decided to join the Margaret Sherry Lovers' Summer Exchange... Not sure what I'll make though, so I wish myself luck...
The lovely Susan Buchanan kindly asked me if I wanted to review her book and I of course was up for it. Even though, I have never read a book similar to this one I was intrigued on how the plot would be developed and whether or not I would enjoy reading it.
Pegasus and Unicorn drawn cabs: best form of licensed travel..no horsing around.
Sundays Heres where the story ends UK
Anyway, it works out well for me, b/c I saw some great local guys go at it in the ring (no homo), and then made it a B-Line to one of my friends' house for a midnight brunch, pretty cool. And then the next night Jon Jones blasts this dude and is ready to take on the best in the UFC. And even better, tomorrow night we've got my favorite fighter Anderson Silva taking on Chael "the Mouth" Sonnen. Loving life.
James Richards, director of mobile at Intelligent Environments, a banking software provider, said businesses were rushing to enter the mobile payments market. Consumer appetite to use the ever-ubiquitous mobile device to make payments and manage money is alive and kicking, he said.
This collection grows from birth, with the opening poem, Moon Landing, all the way through lifes rich experiences (explored with clarity of language and strong metaphors) to The Final Room the last poem in the collection:
S: RollercoasterI like the actual kind while my character Chloe is on the emotional kind.
I know plenty of women who kick up their heels together on a girls trip. Heck, I think they made a movie about it  a little picture called Bridesmaids.
There are many ways that we can enjoy our run-by-routine life. As for me, I still have to rediscover them. Thats one reason Im having this blog.
Jesus challenges us to make up our mind. Rather be for Him or totally not interesting than living on the fence?
his comb is of red sorrel
HM/HGH
Of course, all the typical items go in: rabbi's message, mazel tovs and condolences, upcoming events, times and dates of the upcoming holidays, and any other important stuff.
The t-shirts are available in both polo shirts and round neck t-shirts and are red or black in colour. This new line of merchandise will be on display at all our gigs, starting from The New Barrack Tavern on 7th April.
between the crosses, row on row,
There is Yeda anna  probably the most colorful one in the group, whose life revolves around  The humble vada pav. He has drawn maps for people asking for directions , with waypoints as vada pav stalls. A connoisseur of this maharashtrian snack, Anna, even coaxes chefs who dont have the vada pav in their menu to make it specially for him..
Niall Madden
- Chairs were from Garden Ridge, buy one get one half off  about $100.
and now i can see
Gloomy Sunday  Billie Holliday
They also analysed complaints, from which they learned that many elderly patients had not received help with eating.
the car park behind me I heard a screech of tyres and imagined it was the dulcet smile-android being spirited away by his Illuminati handlers. It seems his pubescent, foamy-gashed fans had kenned this fact also, and sensed his leaving the vicinity, for they swamped the escalators (the down one AND the up one) forcing me to leap into the gutter in the middle and slide back down to the bottom like Al Pacino at the end of Carlito's Way. The harried me and knocked me as they stampeded after the limo and as they went I watched for the legal-looking ones and give them all a good groping as they whizzed by.
I don't know for others, but I know for me,
133 Million: Annual Paperwork Burden Hours Imposed By Regulators In 2011.(American Action Network, 1/2/12)
I reached over with a shaking hand and picked up the first of what looked like a hundred burgers. I slowly unwrapped it and began to chew, tears running down my face.
- ODIN
So, it's game on! However - finding the perfect specimen has been a bit of challenge. I immediately eliminated Bucky's for a couple of obvious reasons. First, they are pricey and second they are heavy. I needed something heavier than a Blucky (Bucky's younger, less functional cousin), semi-realistic, posable and at a decent price.
8/14/10
To view once more the sacrifice
The Beholder had written a checklist:
Jacqueline Woodridge, a British expat living in Mauritius, lost her pet dog in January and went to the Port Louis MSPCA compound to try to find him.
Average pace: 9.35
The Long-Shining Waters by Danielle Sosin
and in the blue dusk the sea
mitigate adverse environmental, economic, social, cultural or spiritual
Submissions may be made in the form of:
garlic powder (I don't recommend whole cloves. They are delicious, but even 2 can completely destroy the dish. Garlic powder gives you more control)
How much does the city want to dump on Maspeth? asked Linda DAquaro, whose son is asthmatic. If you have alternative sites, why dont you take it there? Were already suffering.
As I resumed work this Saturday. At the lobby, I was welcomed by non-functioning elevators leading me to climb the stairs till seventh floor. Before the climb, I almost absented myself and headed home to get more sleep. But my load of work was on my mind, thus work prevailed. My heart beat went so fast that my heart seemed to explode. As I sat down and attended to my daily routine, three SMS churned out, two morning greetings from my babe and one from my former best friend.
Combat Abilities: Brawl 1 Melee 2 Missile 0 Defense 1
Customer reviews & ratings of Houzer A2522-65BS4-1 Glowtone 25-by-22-Inch ADA Compliant Single Bowl Drop-In Stainless Steel Sink with Four Faucet Holes are available in the merchants site, check it by visit the link below.
I looked at the skies,
Only very occasionally these days do I use a travel agent. I prefer to organize things myself online. But then I am a fairly experienced traveler. For many other people, particularly the intellectually challenged it seems, the travel agent is their first and last port of call when organizing a vacation.
Minecrafters Gathering
Battery:
Hello and happy Friday! Thanks for joining us again here at Stamp Something! We love having you play along with us each week! A big thanks to all of our Digi Day players last week! Lots of fabulous digital creations to be seen! Always a fun week! Thank you as well to all of our fabulous Digi Day Sponsors too!
This coffee service was started by Dion Knill. On duty today were Christelle, Tolia, Chris and Donavin. They are also involved with the Global shop which sells products made in Thailand.
When I was with parents, the birthday would start with visiting temples and payasam. It has been months since the gods saw me in their pavilion or I wished them a morning. I have some idols here at the home in Ernakulam and I worship them daily and apply the bhasm considering it as a Prasad by the temple. You will not believe that this post is in the draft zone for nine days with me deciding whether to post. Laziness has no medicine though baldness could have one.
the amazing life she led
~Marilyn, TFF
The scientific community  has been concerned about this growing distrust in the public with science. And what I found in the study is basically thats really not the problem. The growing distrust of science is entirely focused in two groupsconservatives and people who frequently attend church, says the studys author, University of North Carolina postdoctoral fellow Gordon Gauchat.
Devidutt does a fabulous job of jotting down the epic from start to finish. his research not only encompasses what happened after the war (the travel of pandavas to hell), but also describes the ancestors of the kuru clan in detail.
These players invariably come from the nationalist community, with the result that football apartheid is slowly beginning to be established in Ireland.
Isabelle writes to William, saying how his prison sentence reminds her of her own life because "my whole life has been a sort of prison." She also says she hopes he will get out soon, and that the time he serves may even remind her of how she's felt throughout all these years.
Coral Reef is a gorgeous coral holographic polish. It made its appearance back in the 2003 Summer for Shore collection. I currently have Blue Moon Lagoon, Crim-Sun and Coral Reef from that awesome collection of holo's. Mmmmm....holo goodness!
I opened the back door to check on my pooch, who nearly knocked me over in her haste to get out and proceeded to run about like a whirling dervish all over the road, with me in hot pursuit!
That's a sinking feeling I've just had to get used to the last few years. The fact that my daughter turns corners on her own now and then disappears from my sight.
I have a Mother's Day card to share with you today. I put this together using one of my favorite Wplus9 sets, Woodgrain Silhouettes.
The city recently decided to return a walkway at the south end of the park, connecting to Joralemon Street, to the public (shown at left). The judges had been parking there for several years, but citizens complained about the loss of what had been a pedestrian walkway.
Once my first little plant, lettuce I think it was, came through, I felt like I had mastered gardening, bought about 10 more garden starter kits and went veggie crazy. My current list includes: Tomatoes, peppers, cucumbers, lettuce (bibb, romaine, and that purple stuff), potatoes, green onions, radishes, peas, beans, acorn squash, zucchini, collard greens, white onions, spinach, carrots, cilantro, dill, basil, parsley, and probably a few more I just cant remember.
The SORROWS IN ITALY portion is pleasant if standard Eurorock, where the freakbeat gets mixed up with what I'd call a tamed Kinks aesthetics and of course a few Eyetalian language numbers thrown in to wow the signoritas over there the same way that "Sie Lieb Dietch and "Komm Und Holt Der Hand" had all the krauts burning their Horst Jankowski albums in defiance of national pride. A nice example of what was going on rock-wise not only in England but the continent during the time before the big progressive putsch got into effect (some references of which can be noted here if only by the appearance of two covers of Traffic's "Dear Mr. Fantasy" not forgetting the occasional sitar twang).
Diaz told deputies he was stabbed by a man named Juan. He said Juan had approached him and asked for his can of beer. When he declined, Juan became aggressive and insisted he give him the beer.
Im not going to play it down: living here is a dream come true, and Im reminded of that a thousand times a day. But everyone has bad days now and again (like yesterday, when I stepped in actual human excrement), but no matter how awful it gets, I love to sit in the park or watch the passers-by from a caf and say to myself, At least youre not having this day in Wisconsin. (Works every time.)
So now you know. Posts for sally's musings will be a bit different from now on. I'd probably be babbling about my garden...if I could, I'll post some photos too...
I always like to include foliage of some kind in all of my spaces.
So as you can probably see, Ethan was allergic to basically everything. Bummer! And since he was allergic to all the nuts they tested for, they wanted to do another blood test that day just to test for nuts. So off to the hospital we went for MORE bloodwork. Again Ethan rocked. I did not.
What I challenge parents to ask themselves is:
Freedom at last . I am glad we could get away all by ourselves Danny, She can be very taxing at times , Peter affectionately hugged his lover but his tone clearly showed the disgust he felt for Lisa.
Well, well, well, look who's here
Finally there's that weedy Brown Ale. Which is about 10 weaker than a typical Brown Ale of the 1930's. It looks more like one from the austerity years of the 1940's. It, too, is surprisingly highly attenuated.
Round Face: Take an angle
Once in a while, there comes along a card that has so many design deficiencies and yet the card itself still works. To me, the '98 Pinnacle Perfomers set is a perfect example of terrible design elements that manage to work as a whole. There isn't much that I like about this card - except when viewed as a whole it's fairly snazzy (in a late 90s kind of way). I could see this card making it to Round 2 (and maybe even beyond) but I could also see it getting shut out of the vote entirely.
Obviously Pauls good conscience didnt end that day. It was an expression of continued duration and of constancy.
How about you all? What are your resolutions of the year?
Finally I added 250 ml of white wine and 250 ml of Madeira to the pot.
I try to think of the Labor movement, not as putting an extra sixpence into somebodys pocket, or making somebody Prime Minister or Premier, but as a movement bringing something better to the people, better standards of living, greater happiness to the mass of the people. We have a great objective  the light on the hill  which we aim to reach by working the betterment of mankind not only here but anywhere we may give a helping hand. If it were not for that, the Labor movement would not be worth fighting for.
Rosemarie DeWitt (actor- Rachel Getting Married)
Everywhere. Food, running stuff, cat stuff, clothes, car work, concert tickets...but it was all worth it.
The ending was unexpected but it wasn't one of those books where you are trying to figure out the outcome from word go. It is a story that takes you through a period of lots of big and unexpected changes in Cannie's life and you learn how she deals with them. Not always well but it's nice to read about somebody who isn't perfect - just like the rest of us.
As for hag, it conjures up an unflattering image of a witchy, old woman with a wart at the end of her long, bent nose and hair that looks like something youd use to mop the floor.
But all that changes when the Lynburns return.
The arrests capped what officials described as a painstaking investigation that began in June 2008 involving an F.B.I. agent who had been told by a federal informant of the mens desire to attack targets in America. As part of the plot, the men intended to fire Stinger missiles at military aircraft at the base, which is at Stewart International Airport, officials said. Said NYTimes.
I love this room, except the flowery chairs. I'd like them in red. And that couch, the one in the center of the picture, love it. In fact, I have a couch very similar to that. This quiz also gave some features of each design style. Cozy casual likes rolled arm couches with ball feet or skirts - that's totally what I'm always drawn to.
just to catch you up for any new readers - i'm BRCA positive - meaning i have the cancer gene and have a 90% chance of getting breast cancer - my ovaries will be removed at age 40 - the soonest decision i need to make is about my own breasts - to get a double mastectomy or stay on chemo drugs the rest of my life (which i hear is NOT fun) - ie. SCARY! - whole different kind of "scary" i never felt before
Quite different from my Wordpress, I gotta say. I'm feeling disoriented, lol.
"Oh." She frowns, scanning the arena. "Whoa. Who's that hottie? Does he play for us?"
Sex Pistols - Anarchy In The U.K.
Marketing Tips,
This inquiry has even begun to disturb those of our critics who have been at least partly responsible for what many see as a "witch-hunt".
are seriously freaks!
After discovering how toxic dryer sheets are, I sadly gave up my beloved Downy sheets up and now use Norwex dryer balls and a lavender sachet instead. Surprisingly, I haven't missed those dryer sheets at all and now prefer the more natural laundry smell.
I really dont think the experts in the government or the private sector have a clue as to what to do to get the economy going again. I believe this problem is spiritual in nature that has produced the bad economic fruit that were eating right now; which means it will take divine intervention to get us out of this hole. God wants to get reintegrated as a priority back into the financial and economic affairs of this country, and not just as an afterthought to pray to Him to get us out of this mess.
as we forgive those who sin against us.
That budget you have been trying to stay within just popped like an over-inflated balloon and flew out the window. If you were having trouble feeding your family before "this health kick" (as some people might call it) how the hell are you going to make ends meet now?
The afternoon was moving towards 4:00pm and while the sun had been beating down fiercely the entire day, clouds rolled in from the Pacific Ocean and covered up Sol. As the shadows disappeared from the bleachers and the lack of direct sunlight caused the heat of the day to alleviate, a mother in the seats above me nudged her daughter and said, Necessitas un chompa. Tengo frio. (You need a sweater. Im cold.)
Zephaniah closes out his prophecy in Chapter 3 with words of comfort, which is common with the Old Testament prophets. God never leaves His people without comfort.
Then today, I spent time with K going to see the Hunger Games, visiting my mom, and taking some batting practice. Needless to say, we arent looking forward to school tomorrow, but we have to do what we have to do, and I can smell summer around the corner. Any thought of teaching summer school is out the window if Spring Break was a preview of what is to come! Thank you God!
By 2007, cover 20,000 troops deployed were taking antidepressants and insomnia medication, as a means of treating post-traumatic stress disorder so they can be productive soldiers on the battlefield. In the past 10 years, well over 300,000 troops returning to their homes suffered from P.T.S.D., depression, and traumatic brain injuries. And how does our precious VA handles it, by giving them another metabolic cocktails of death.
I am reading... My bible.Doing a bible study too which I know I am going to enjoy so much!Catching up with a huge pile of magazines!
IBUs: 41
Variable-flow turbos aren't new, but Acura says its patented design, in which the TSX absorbs road irregularity in taut yet supple manner. Perhaps most pleasing to drive one during a whole week. However, the accessory acura mdx a package that includes a 6-disc in-dash CD changer, MP3/WMA compatibility and 8 speakers with 8-inch subwoofers. XM satellite radio is also good for this type of vehicle.
I let them run amuck.
I have been reading some other Blogs the last few days. One trend I enjoy is the "Currently" thing where you have a list of things you are currently seeing/hearing/thinking/feeling/hoping, ect. I am considering doing this too, though, to be honest I would feel just like a "follower" so I hesitate. I never liked that feeling, unless I know exactly where I am being led. Which makes me think about the less-than-glorious aspects of who I am. Next topic. ;)
The kind of dioramas I truly enjoy making are always in cardboard boxes. That is my medium of choice and they are generally of monsters, zombies, or full of fantasy elements. I REALLY want to make a unicorn war one. That is probably my next one.
On one level, this is the story of land use, low income neighborhoods and those trailers and tent cities that are literally paved over, will be paved over. On another, Brady creates a textual simulation that in the thirsty spans of impossibly long sentences, bulldozes itself as it builds. The reader gropes for green spaces and finds turned-up soil, looks for bedrock and finds a jungle of dusty moss. This is Florida where it gets pinched and brittle. Somewhere along these airwaves, my transmission. Like Taylor Brady, I grew up in Florida in a town not too far from his place of birth. Toward the beginning of the book, the narrator of the moment is traveling down Fowler Avenue the other F street I always confused with the one that my mothers hair salon was actually on. I spent most of my early years in the back room there while she worked. I was fascinated with the back parking lot, flanked by huge dumpsters full of matted hair clippings and bordered by the scrub woods where I was told never to go. An incidental angle, sure  and angle of incidence maybe, as Brady refers to it.
That was the theme of a misguided Times article Tuesday, which focused significantly on gentrification-led change (see the map below, highlighting small establishments), while missing the fact that such change had nothing to do with reclaiming the enduring "scar" of the Vanderbilt Yard.
One such friend is Nancy. She was my neighbor when we lived in the freshman dorm at Bradley Univ. (Peoria IL). Every year (for years) she would send me a birthday card and would keep in touch...me - not so much :0( Thanks, Nancy - LOVE you!! xo
Yet the concept is still a sound one. It offers the best hope, in fact, to cure a host of ills. To make any real impact, though, the creation of our Green Economy has to be implemented on a massive, national scale. Itll be like a 21st century version of the Tennessee Valley Authority, but on steroids.
Through bloody flood or field to dash,
And finally the sheer quantity of Rod's entries has won him a prize. But I particularly liked these two:
Merci: Why borro(WED)?
Hero Arts script, Serendipity sentiment and the rest are from an Inkadinkado flower set.
Highly recommended.
Mom is heading through week 20 and in a few short months we will welcome Baby girl Dazz. I can hardly wait.
There were banana crumble tarts, banana cake, choc pistachio cake, raspberry panna cotta, pinapple cheese cake, fruit jelly, raspberry crumble, lemon cheesecake, brownie, muffin, creme brulee, blueberry slice, sago, etc
There will be a vast majority of entertainment such as food and Japanese Taiko drumming, and Afro-Cuban, gospel and Irish music.
Husband told me I could order shoes if I wanted
KRIS: Macaroni and cheese?
I never like A. Jones much...and I never knew that Kotsay was a Marlin. Advantage knowledge: 3-2 Pinnacle.
Inks: Memento: Lady Bug Red and Color Box Chalk (brown) for sponging
I would like to thank BLESSMA for the help and support my family received when my wifes mother died recently. Bill, Kath and her husband have been there for everyone. A few years ago when my Father-in-law died they were a great support and two weeks ago when my Mother-in-law passed the knowledge that they were there helped my wife and daughter cope.
We are looking forward to seeing your May Flowers creations!
I suppose that is all Ill talk about in this blog. Im sure other topics will arise, but I expect that these three will be the most prominent.
It has been ages since I have had time to post ... family time and work always seem to interfere with "my time" but isn't that just the way. While I wish for alone time now, I know that someday my house will be quiet with the memories of giggling kids and I will beg them to stay longer when they visit or talk more when the call. This I know because it is how my mother feels now. But enough about lack for time ...
Koreas version of Tesco, Homeplus, was looking for a cost effective way to attract customers with busy lifestyles away from their lead competitor. So it designed a store with no staff, no building and no actual produce  but lots of QR codes.
I read the word cornucopia in another blog yesterday and it reminded me of how much I loved that word when I was younger. It seemed like a really big word at the time. I was a kid then, so it was a really big word. I could read it, say it, spell it, and define it. I was hot stuff. I think it needs a comeback, the word cornucopia, and not just around Thanksgiving time. We also need to bring back milquetoast. Its a hell of a word. But I digress.
I just wish I knew why the lord does not want to bless us with such a beautiful creation, in which he himself created. I am loosing all hopes and faith. Sometimes I just want to cry when I see my nephew wishing he was my son instead, or when I see parents with their children. I feel it is a feeling I will never come to have or share. Something that I am being ripped out off or being kept on the side. The side hurts, even though I myself do no express it to anyone. Everyone else just thinks I do not want children or just not ready to have them right now, but if they only knew that deep down inside Im breaking into millions of tiny pieces because I cant have this experience.
Wei strode across his office and ripped the map of the Valdosta area from the wall. The town and the surrounding area would be a smoking rubble when he left  victorious.
The Bank pointed out that arrest is governed by 24(5) of the Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984, which provides strict conditions which have to be satisfied before a person may be arrested without a warrant. These include where the identity of the person arrested is unknown, where arrest is necessary to prevent a person suffering injury, or to prevent loss of or damage to property, to prevent an offence against public decency or unlawful obstruction of the highway, or harm to a child or a vulnerable person, or to allow prompt investigation of the offence
02 Pass Pass 11:41
To consolidate their preeminent position as sources, government and business-news promoters go to great pains to make things easy for news organizations. They provide the media organizations with facilities in which to gather; they give journalists advance copies of speeches and forthcoming reports; they schedule press conferences at hours well-geared to news deadlines; they write press releases in usable language; and they carefully organize their press conferences and photo opportunity sessions. It is the job of news officers to meet the journalists scheduled needs with material that their beat agency has generated at its own pace.
(top) Nancy Oakes, Thursday Februrary 9, 2012 Queen from Soho to Spadina, gel pen, graphite, tea and wax on paper, 6 X 8.5in, 2012
I finally framed our Sharon Montrose animal photos. I've been a fan forever, even before I got impregnated. As for frames, I went with inexpensive Target frames ($10/each). Then seeing these fabulous projects from the eternally awesome & witty Cassie reminded me that I had a tube of Rub 'n Buff (available at most craft stores) sitting in a drawer somewhere. I gave Hiro the side-eye & we both giggled at "Rub 'n Buff" for a while. Once we got that out of our systems, Hiro went outside to chase a squirrel & I got to transforming the frames. My method: wear gloves, work outside (it's smelly stuff initially), wipe down frames with a damp rag, then use a clean old t-shirt to rub 'n buff away to your heart's content. This tiny tube goes a long way. Let frames cure in a well-ventilated area for a few days.
Later , the family gathered and legends were dug up and retold . A little boy ran in , his exact resemblance to his grandfather startling , while a baby determinedly crawled backwards and forwards over my lap , looking just like her mother when I first saw her , forty years ago .
packed with purple potatoes and asparagus.
One thing we do know is , the man went for a shower (lol) , but notice the seats ? the similar plush expensive leather seats ? and the same carpet ?
Here's my second entry- my first is a couple of posts down- the zentangle heart.
I yearn for the possibility...
The opening disaster is possibly the best ever seen in a Final Destination movie. It feels positively apocalyptic; a giant bridge collapsing whilst laden with screaming idiots and traffic. It's still business as usual though, and the movie progresses in much the same manner as its four predecessors. There a few new ideas here and there, but nothing revolutionary. Tony Todd offers the soon-to-be-dead a tip hitherto unmentioned in any other Final Destination. Given how well it works, you'd think he'd have mentioned it at some point to Ali Larter or headless Stifler.
Clarks agent Paul Shefrin said in statement that the veteran host died this morning following a massive heart attack.
This week I may be watching my little great nephew Davian. His mama is my sister's oldest daughter, Katie. Katie is the French teacher over at the school. She is an amazing girl...childhood leukemia survivor, she has Krohn's disease, and has suffered immensely but has still been my kids' favorite teacher. Her daughter Grace is one of the best kids in this world, I was there when she was born. So I love her like my own. Anyway, Katie and her husband have a new baby, born at the end of January, Mr. Davian. He is SO beautiful. Katie is back to work, and daddy is a stay-at-home dad. Well, he has to go in to work sometimes, and that is where I come in. I am absolutely thrilled to have a chance to take care of this little guy. So I have my work cut out for me today. The regular Monday stuff, and staying out of the cake. I feel like just eating the whole thing and ending the battle, but it don't work like that.
Scoop batter onto baking sheets by large tablespoon-fulls. Bake for approximately 10 minutes, until cakes spring back when touched. Remove from heat and cool completely on wire racks.
"Rick! Good line!" I exclaimed, trying to laugh and breath at the same time. I opened the passenger door and hopped in as Rick did a u-turn and headed back the way he came, towards the ocean.
So the main beer-related headline this morning (given that George Osborne deliberately misled the nation over his 5% alcohol duty rise by saying there was 'no change' to beer duty, which most people don't realise means the punitive duty escalator remains in place) is that deaths by liver disease rocketed by 25% between 2001 and 2009.
If you have been following this blog for a while you know I tend to be pretty straightforward. In fact, unless were talking golf or fishing, if you ask a question I will give you the most honest answer I can. And since I havent played golf in over 15 years (my handicap was every club in the bag), about the only thing Ill stretch the truth about on a regular basis is fishing.
When the soup is somewhat cooled, transfer to either a food processor or a blender and pure. Once pured, return the blended soup to the original pot, and mix in the bacon and milk. On a medium heat setting, let cook for 5 minutes.
The New Spirit In Media ~ Media That Makes A Difference
That is what their visitors have achieved; that is what they have done to this confident, modern young woman. Like a stain the story is spreading across the district. Not her story to spread but theirs: they are its owners. How they put her in her place, how they showed her what a woman is for.
If you battle through this column every Friday then youll know that this isnt the place to come to for detailed analysis of the game. What Im going to post are some hunches and impressions I have about pressing. It wont be easy, but in times of trouble I often find solace in the Good Book: Rinus Michels Teambuilding: The Road to Success
Good evening everyone:
Its easy to see why Dave Thornton has become a familiar face on Channel 10s The Project  hes the kind of flannelette-wearing, well-coiffed, skinny-leg-jeans wearing fresh personality who bounces up on screen and gets things moving. He is the archetypal early-30s Australian man, evidenced by his comedy show The Some of All the Parts, which has that somewhat ubiquitous adult-male phenomenon of being obsessed with the dorky toys you loved as a kid.
The Beethoven Argument is a popular anti-abortion stance that is typically stated by the following hypothetical discussion between two doctors who perform abortions:
Coat, Via Spiga. Hat, Nine West. Boots, Target. Scarf, gift. Gloves, Walmart. Sweater, Forever 21. Turtleneck, Merona. Jeans, Express. Pumps, Wet Seal. Scarf, from the hippie store in the Dayton mall.
The bar at the Tap was perhaps best described as a scrum. The door policy seemed to be basically if you are wearing a football shirt keep it hidden but it was a sea of Wednesday everywhere you turned. Worse still beers were going off (running out) left right and centre.
With love and until next time,
Simon. Im employed by Principal Sal, and a student. You must be Star? I said.
We got the iPhone 5 sim card tray holder slot from a supplier. Hmmm
The plane has already taken off but I am unseated. The rows are full of travelers, settling in, gazing out windows, opening books, leaning back, eyes closed, to listen to iPods. I pass by them on my way to the doorway that separates coach from a part of the plane I never knew existed but enter anyway. The thrust of the plane overcomes the drag and the plane is pushed up through the bright air. I am in some type cargo space, stripped clean of carpet and seating and storage. The floor is whitewashed, with blackened steel planks, held down by rivets and antique fasteners. It is the type of place that in another time might have housed sturdy parts: landing gears, propellers, spare luggage bins, but as of now, it is empty, save for two seats that are anchored to raw metal and facing me from across a divide. They are slatted chairs like youd find at a movie theater or a ballgame, attached at the legs and bolted to the floor with antique studs. No safety belts, just old-fashioned straps made to wind around knees and waists like a harness, clumsily buckled, like arms that are poised to grab hold. The whole thing feels like a throwback to the 40s, like some kind of old military jet, it hums with the purgatory air of a waiting room. By the force of motion, I know were ascending. The plane shifts then stabilizes, and I eye the two empty seats, deciding whether or not they will hold me to gravity, when I see that my two long-dead dogs, Annie and Gypsy, who are very much alive, are here, just a few steps from the sealed exit door. To see a dog in your dream symbolizes intuition, loyalty, protection, two must be doubly so. I know this as well as I know that I am dreaming. I am overjoyed to see them, but I am aware that in waking life they are still dead. I realize that they are here to tell me something Ive forgotten, some important information that has slumbered long within me. I look out the windows of the plane to see what direction we are going in, to assess the likelihood of turbulance, to see if the plane is trailing some message, skywriting symbols that will decipher why I am here, and where I am going, and I see through the cold glass what has been there all along, the altitude of blue sky and everything beyond, and I am flying through it, carried like Dorothy hurtling toward Oz ,holding on by my feet, rooted to the unseen, to that which has come before and all that is yet to come, soaring toward the unknown without a safety net, flying far over the articulation of earth, away from the bent elbows of women squatting long over muddy water, over corrugated fences and bitter branches weighed down by leaves and birdsong, over the long slow trains that run past crumbling walls etched with graffiti, lifting over the hinge of the horizon, on my way to waking.
I used DCWV All about Boys for background paper and Scallop
Name of account : Bush Radio
He also told us a bit about Charles Darwins academic life. Did you know he first studied to become a doctor and then studied theology? He graduated from Cambridge with a Bachelor of the Arts degree, without honors. His father told him, You care for nothing but shooting, dogs, and rat-catching, and you will be a disgrace to yourself and all your family. That one sentence gave me a world of hope. Do you know how many of the most influential scientists have been failures in academia? Einstein, Newton, Sternberg, Socrates, Edison and now Darwin. Im not saying Im a failure in academia, but its really reassuring to hear this news.
And so we left Peppers Ruffles Lodge & Spa, waving to three very wet alpacas as we headed towards the large wooden gate that sent us back into the real world.
But the servicer would have to give the borrower three days notice before withdrawing the short-sale approval and explain why it was revoked.
I hope you all enjoyed an exciting, creative weekend. And if not, I'm sure that the coming one will be lol
I am a Bokononist now. (pp. 1-2)
Two domestic workers, Patricia Moyo, 29, and Tracey Khalima, 27, had vanished with the gang, and the fear at first was that they had been kidnapped. But it did not take long for the the Trio Task Team from the Alexandra cluster to consider them suspects and track them down to a flat in Hillbrow. The women, one of whom had been with the family for two years, were caught with the family's jewellery and cash.
Or tidy.
Below are a few resources we've found useful so far. I will post more of our honey journey once we've set up the hives!
Alex St. James was a younger son and would not inherit. He is fine with that. With more than enough woman and money he was content but now he has a mission. A missing key which he must find for his grandmother. He must breach the home of his families sworn enemy.
Not to be. James kicked off by reminiscing about the last time he was at The Courthouse and had to endure the double pain of being sat next to Shandy for the night AND having to drive an hour home and therefore unable to savour the joys of our extensive beer list. Tonight he was able to sip plenty of Samuel Smiths Old Brewery Pale Ale with his beer battered fish supper & mushy peas.
:: On a White Result: No further action is possible, and your sequence ends.
Vibrating buttplugs? We got em. Sex swings? Check. Giant devices that literally fuck you where you lay? What kind would you like?! Dont get me wrong, Im all for a good time, but there has to come a point where we stop spending so much effort and time on getting off. I suppose I should be happy, most of these toys and the protection prevent some pregnancy, but it really is getting out of hand. Out of hand may or may not have been a masturbation joke.
By DOROTHY SAMUELS
The advice is simple: Avoiding excess pounds is a simple math problem  calories consumed vs. calories burned. It goes without saying, of course, that these svelte individuals are paradigms of self-discipline, denying their bodies calories while virtuously exercising daily to stay ahead in the caloric math war.
Caught in your smile, and I gather
So, there I am, admiring this big, beautiful clock with crackled paint all over it. It's quite heavy. And I know there's no way it's going up on the wall in my staircase until I hire a handyman for the job; neither DH, nor I, have the guts to climb a ladder to hang that thing.
Tools: Nesties Labels Eight and Large Rectangles. Cuttlebug Embossing Folder. Sizzix Big Shot. Tim Holtz Paper Distresser. Embossing Powder. Heat Gun.
9. Uriah Heep 'Traveller in Time'
I had a perfectly beautiful weekend. On Saturday morning, I awoke to a snow-covered world. It was a surprise, although I knew we would be getting a little weather in the night. The surprise was that it was such a wet snow, and every branch and twig were covered.
To all my pastry chef colleagues out there, make these, create new flavors and most of all have fun! This is what our customers are wanting, fun new flavors and textures to delight the mouth!
What if I didnt need a better prayer life, but could just say thingsunfiltered, uncensoredand God would hang on every word, like a father holding his little child? What if I didnt need to be perfect, but was already perfect because He refuses to see me any other way? What if I didnt need to get close to God, because Jesus has already brought me oh so close through His cross?so close that Im actually inside of God and He, inside of me. What if Jesus doesnt care if Im 99% or 63% surrendered to Him at any given moment, but what if He surrendered to me, surrendered to the weight of my sin and the destruction Ive caused at the foot of a wooden cross so many long years ago? What if He was the one who was selfless, who was patient and perfect and full of glory and fire for God? And what if, He did it all for me? To count those beautiful realities true of me even though they technically arent. Not to manipulate me into doing Christian things that will further His cause, but for me. For you. For every person who was ever born.
What are your home goals this year?
My daughter didand then criedand I was able to askIs ANY of this an example of what you might be feeling? SHE. WAS. SHOCKED.
We still had some time on our hands before the first official game, so we set up a final playtest of our Rough Wooing scenario for the convention. Norman posted a report as part of his convention coverage. As the French commander I found that the weight of the cavalry force on my right flank was enough to flatten the English, and my left flank distracted their center forces enough that my center was able to move forward and seize the gun. I had the opportunity to take the French side again during the third running on Saturday and found that it was not so easy to do again...
When on the hunt for good squeeze page templates here are some of the basic components a good squeeze page should have:
How are you guys feeling on this last day of the challenge?
206 2. William H. Rehnquist and the First Amendment. Intercollegiate Review, vol. 22, pp. 31-40 (Spring 1987). (Source: Item D-XI/23/1986, below.)
Case in point--school libraries.
Drifting refers to a driving technique and to a motorsport where the driver intentionally over steers, causing loss of traction in the rear wheels through turns, while maintaining vehicle control and a high exit speed. A car is drifting when the rear slip angle is greater than the front slip angle prior to the corner apex, and the front wheels are pointing in the opposite direction to the turn (e.g. car is turning left, wheels are pointed right or vice versa), and the driver is controlling these factors. As a motor sport, professional drifting competitions are held worldwide. Drift challenges drivers to navigate a course in a sustained sideslip by exploiting coupled nonlinearities in the tire force response.
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
However! I'm curious, as always, to hear what you think. So, mes auteurs: yea or nay on the Booktrack experience?
Itching is an intense, distracting irritation or tickling sensation that may be felt all over the skins surface or confined to just one area. The medical term for itching is pruritus.
Wired
Heres the recipe we followed:
The daily mail...
4. A simple single coffee, just on the days that I needed a little boost roundabout 4:30pm, made with low-fat Coffee-Mate instead of milk. That was sometimes the little saving grace I needed when the reading was getting too tedious and I felt like I was going to drop off.
When I was a kid I made a mixed CD of tracks that relaxed me to sleep but I cant find the disc to check out what songs I had of it, Id tip that the likes of Sarah McLoughlin would be on it though.
He came to spend a few days with me some weeks later. It was summertime again, just like the year before when we first met and I was driving alongside the park to meet with him, and I was.happy. I was happier this summer, if thats even possible! I was working again and settled into my job, I was in love, I finally had a new place and felt independent again, and the person who was the source of my love and affection loved me back. Life was good.
Gary L. Bright, 36, Union City, N.J.
Now, you would think that, after several years as a multipara, I would be used to the barrage that greets me every morning. But I am not. I don't think I ever shall be. The Proverbs 32 woman doesn't really want to be spoken to first thing in the am. She likes to gradually begin her day, preferably with no conversation until she has had a strong cup of coffee.
A great reminder for us all. . . .
May 21 Portland, Oregon - 6326 SE 66th Ave
Concierge! His voice resounded in the room, and everyone within earshot turned to stare. He crossed the lobby in long bold strides as the concierge rushed to meet him.
Not far, but to nearby lovely Boulogne, according to the spokesperson for Michelin. The company's HQ is still in Clemont-Ferrand; but, since its inception in 1889 it's always had a Paris office. First avenue Pereire, then in 1967 the company purchased the building at 46 avenue de Breteuil in the 7e arrondissement.
I decided to test out a few pairs to see how they do. I listed a pair of Baby Gap tights and a pair of Gymboree tights. One was a pair I had picked up from the Goodwill outlet, the other was a pair that I was going to just giveaway to someone. I listed both pair last month during one of the free or penny promotions and they both sold with multiple bids. I had free shipping on both items, so my profit was a little less, but I still cleared between $2.50 and $3.00 a pair.
A rather poignant picture of my wife with Sam the morning before his surgery. He tried to hide behind the book, but alas...he wasn't quick enough to avoid the clutches of the surgeons.
"You saved his life!" I told him, "If you hadn't heard him whimpering, we never would have been able to find him and he would have drown! He was barely able to keep his head above water when I found him and probably had been dog-paddling for the entire 30 minutes that we were out looking for him. That's why he was whimpering intermittently; he could only whimper when his head was far enough out of the water to do so!"
My 8 yr old is doing her homework, which consists of putting vocabulary words into sentences. She stops writing and looks up at me. More often than not, she's in a dream state but at this moment her eyes are focused, lit up like headlamps in the middle of the night. "Mom, did you know that sometimes when you hear a sentence, you want to hear the whole story?"
The conference also will debut a 10-minute documentary film about solar energy development in Arizona, including a segment about the great progress in Gila Bend, a town about 70 miles southwest of the Phoenix metropolitan area. Town Manager Frederick Buss will join the panel of public utilities commissioners discussing the creation of a Southwestern market for renewable energy.
On the back, these stamps carried by a cute happy butterfly-postie made possible this card to arrive in here. Church and Cathedral from Sieradz and Gniezno respectively. Two churches, one cathedral. Both with green roof. Joy!
2) I really, really, really hate drug addicts. This may have something to do with me being married to one for 10 years.
VPVKJ Blog (vpvkjblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided as is and is subject to change or removal at any time.
For the residents of Bogside, a Catholic, working-class neighborhood, Bloody Sunday, Jan. 30, 1972, is a day that lives in infamy. About 15,000 people were reported to have marched in an anti-internment rally that day, and 27 were shot and 14 killed when British soldiers began shooting. The museum is sited at the heart of the worst violence.
25 Select the Text tool (T). Pick the following options in the Property inspector (see numbers on the image below):
Dont get me wrong, I LOVE my job. Love. And I ADORE my students. ADORE. And I never complain about any of it, because I love it all. But when some douchebags who have never done this job complains about how were overcompensated, well then, objectively, theres a lot to complain about, and I could go on. So please stop me or Ill have a hernia.
And yes, Pia gets sent to the bottom 3. That leaves Haley, Jacob and James as the three possibles for the third stool in the bottom 3. I'm betting it's Jacob.
Now, go forth and buy cast iron! Next time you need a pan, please consider it. You wont regret it. Hell, your grandmother probably has a ton of spares you could swipe. And if she happens to have a waffle iron, do send it my way! It seems theyve never existed in New Zealand  we only get those horrid electric things.
Right now, Im taking a focus on increasing my leafy greens in my diet. Im adding more salads, more green snacks and my animals stare at me with envy when Im eating dinner. Im trying to up my top of the food density choices. Once you figure out broadly how to live, you tweak and make adjustments until you have honed in on your ideal way of eating.
Here are a few of the inspiration I am using to bring this goodness to life.
Mental note: bring a street-smart boy with me the next time a car wash is in order.
Lineage: Motarebel Herijuana x CH9 Jack 33
If so, will it be only in its own country or in several countries ?
In vacant or in pensive mood,
16) I would love to meet Ursula K. Le Guin before she carks it, although I have no idea what I would say to her.
The Dark Side of the Island clocks in at 159 pages. Perfect. We got a Greek isle, a betrayed community, unrequited love and some soul searching on the part of Hugh Lomax, the mysterious Nightcomer . Sure, these novels dont have the sophistication of contemporary thrillers but I eat them up yum yum more more please.
Perhaps the same fact-pattern could have formed the basis for a copyright infringement (Article 25(1)(f)) or entitlement (Article 25(1)(c)) challenge - the latter, however, could not have been brought at OHIM until after a national Court decision.
So, WordPress sends out an email every week called the Weekly Photo Challenge. It has a different theme every week, for instance, Sun or Journey, and asks bloggers to post pictures to their blogs on that theme. I decided to get in on the fun this week, with the theme of Unfocused. I took these pictures at an amusement park in Pennsylvania called Dutch Wonderland. Situated right in the middle of Amish country, the theme park is smaller than what youd expect from a Six Flags or Disney park, but still packs in the fun. Where else is milking a fake cow or posing in a horse-drawn buggy considered entertainment?
I was born and raised in the beautiful state of New Mexico. Hailing from this "Land of Enchantment," I believe, creates part of my need for space and time. I deplore the notion of being caged in by my surroundings; and the open sky and few people, endless desert and cowboy mentality allow me to breathe freely, openly and privately.
Tools: Spellbinders Nestabilities cirles, Martha Stewart Punch monarch butterfly large, monarch butterfly embossing
Its a system in which too much power is concentrated in the hands of the elite and denied to the man and woman on the street. Weve been seeing the symptoms of that for years. Decisions made behind closed doors. The Houses of Parliament bypassed and undermined.
Sunday:
All this to say that a couple days after my stats exam sat the chemistry exam, looming nefariously in the near distance. I therefore began studying for my chemistry final the day before. This was clearly not a smart decision, so that night, I decided I would stay up for as long as possible to study, go to bed, wake up at five oclock and resume (my exam was at 8:30 in the morning).
He took this photo with a Panasonic Lumix GH2, but he doesn't believe that fancy equipment is essential to making a great photo. "The biggest thing," he said, "is nature -- and being able to see it."
The Securities and Exchange Commission filing said that if enough bondholders don't agree to support the sale by 5 p.m. Saturday, the amount of stock and warrants they get would be substantially reduced or eliminated. The filing didn't specify how much support is needed.
Water samples showed the bacteria levels in late May but the Missouri Department of Natural Resources delayed releasing the report for about a month. A DNR spokeswoman told the Kansas City Star that the agency didn't want to panic tourists. Officials also say they wanted to determine whether heavy rainfall had caused the problems.
At prices less than retail.
Corona del Mar High, a seventh- through 12th-grade campus, is in the Eastbluff neighborhood of Newport Beach, next to Upper Newport Bay. The school, celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2012, draws students from neighborhoods with multi-million-dollar, oceanfront homes, as well as from neighborhoods with apartment communities. The campus has the lowest rate, 5.1 percent, of students qualifying for free and reduced-priced meals of all local high schools.
The phrase "you can do anything you want as long as you work hard" no longer applies. What does apply is there are not enough entry-level jobs to go around and you are forced to take a job way below your skill level and education in order to make ends meet. There is a great deal of compression as people with significant experience consume the lower-level jobs, which used to filter down to new graduates.
A Transocean spokesman said the company couldn't provide details of the meeting's discussion. A woman who answered the phone at the residence of Transocean's Mr. Harrell, and who identified herself as his wife, said he had no comment.
It was during a charity ride for the Children's Hospital of Orange County that Shaffer met actor and fellow biker Mickey Jones, who thought Bandit would make a great therapy dog. Bandit passed the certification test his first time out, and dog and man found their collective calling. When Bandit died of brain cancer in 2008, he left a grieving owner and a legacy Shaffer wasn't sure he could carry on.
Gore said many families she sees are drinking too much juice as well as soda and fruit punch. "Whatever they are drinking, they don't realize the calories are adding up," she said.
Hamilton finds a unifying theme running through "A Chorus Line" (June 3-July 3), "The Secret Garden" (July 22-Aug. 21) and "Victor/Victoria" (Sept. 9, 2011-Oct. 9, 2011):
"You couldnt cut me a break? I was elected legislator of the year by the PBA!" the troopers complaint shows Albano stated. He was referring to the New Jersey State Policemens Benevolent Association, which represents about 33,000 law enforcement officers across the state and honored Albano last year for his work in the Legislature.
Lai has received Associated Press awards for news writing and feature reporting, and, in 2004, won an Emmy for spot news reporting.
Meanwhile, Rihanna has reportedly been offered $1.6 million to strip naked for Playboy.
Yan gave the audience "eat like an Asian" healthy-eating tips, including using chopsticks, which force the diner to eat slower; starting the meal with a light or clear soup; having rice at the end of a meal as a filler; and incorporating a wide range of vegetables of different colors.
Earlier this year, Magnolia owner Dave McLean undertook a sprucing up of his 100-plus-year-old digs.
West Linn police station
SAVANNAH ON THE LAKE ... Some happy news for fans of the old Herb's On the Lake in Avon Lake. That spot will soon reopen as Savannah's Lake Road Pub and Grill. Jim DePaul, owner of Savannah's Bar and Grill in Westlake, and Chris Haas, president of All Pro Freight Systems, will partner in the venture.
"He has an open-door policy top to bottom and encourages his administrators and managers to do likewise. He's approachable," said Woolery, corrections
Gina Morris and her business partner, Celeste Sipes, were early believers in the West End. They launched Radish Underground about three years ago, about the same time a few other independent designers moved in. Some of the others have since closed, yet the pair have worked to support those who are left.
My husband and I recently saw the movie "The Hunger Games." After all the publicity, we wanted to see what our grandchildren might be viewing. It certainly evoked many emotions: fear, terror, compassion, sorrow, revulsion and shame.
I havent heard anything, Pelfrey said. Im in the same spot I was (Monday).
John Krafcik, Hyundai's North American CEO, said the award won't help the compact's sales much because the company already is selling as many Elantras as it can make at its factory in Montgomery, Ala. But the award should help solidify the brand's image in the eyes of the American public, especially in the highly competitive compact car segment.
'The Comedy of Errors'
Then her daughter came running into her bedroom and said someone was yelling "help" outside the door.
BarberMurphy Group, FCB Banks, Lewis and Clark Marine and Wenzel & Associates, Ltd., have joined the council. Representatives from the four companies will join other leaders in the business, industry, labor, education and government sectors to encourage business investment and development in southwestern Illinois.
True's body was discovered Saturday along a mountain stream in a remote part of the Gila Wilderness in southwestern New Mexico. The search began for him four days earlier after he failed to return from a routine 12-mile run.
"The most important thing to me was knowing I wasn't alone," he said. "It was that fundamental sense of community with people who were experiencing the same things I was. It let me know it was not the end of the road, that there was life after this calling."
"I've seen the evolution," said Jeff Dean, a backcountry ski patrol expert who has worked in the ski and snowboard industry for 19 years. "There's a lot of hype now. They look at these guys jumping off cliffs, that radical stuff they're doing in the movies, all the jumps, terrain, 20-foot air, and they want to do it. That's the way it's going. I've done it too, even in the trees. I broke a rib."
Smith had a tough time from the tours beginning because the sudden onset of dry weather in Moscow  coupled with construction in and around the Conservatory in which the CSO performed  stirred up much dust and made it difficult for the clarinetist to draw deep breaths. He came down with a sinus infection, then an eye infection (he said he was dousing his eyes with a rinse every half page of Francks Symphony in D Minor in St. Petersburg) and eventually a respiratory infection. So he appreciated the day off.
Craig justified Friday's decision to pull the bill that would create a county fire and EMS commission and said that by the end of this week he will announce a new plan for the future of public safety.
Both of those national surveys, as well as polls done by other organizations, reflect a sharp jump in recent years in support for same-sex marriage. In 2004, for example, Pew found Americans opposed gay marriage by a nearly 2-1 margin. Such a large and sudden shift in public opinion on a fundamental issue of social policy is extremely rare and reflects two trends that have overlapped -- younger Americans are far more supportive of same-sex marriage than their elders, and middle-aged Americans have shifted their views.
7 (228) Jeris Pendleton, dt, Ashland
At 9 a.m. the nurse came in to take blood pressure. Mr. Johnson was a little agitated. I spoke to him and gave him water. His breathing is raspy. Dozed off again.
So where are the tourists on the streets below? To hear "insiders" at a forum titled "Greater Newark as a Destination" tell it, New Jerseys largest city is on the cusp of becoming something of a mecca.
Reporters James F. McCarty, Peter Krouse, Rachel Dissell, Stan Donaldson, John Caniglia and Michael Scott contributed to this story.
"I told him, 'That win was for Noelle, not for you,'" Ringhausen said.
But Ill tell you this: They went at it every day, but it was like a father-son relationship. He would defend Josh to the end of the earth. He does that with all his players. Thats why I love him to death.
Just so you know, if you'd gone down the "Star Trek" road, I was going to ask you about "Next Generation" actor Michael Dorn being a vegan.
The new History Colorado Center opened its doors to the public Saturday. An astronaut on stilts and other actors in full costumes welcomed visitors to the center, located at 12th Avenue and Broadway.
The show was packed with filler -- a montage whose theme seemed to be "movies we liked years ago"; a compilation of actors talking about the first movies they saw; and a 5-minute performance by Cirque du Soleil (introduced by Kermit and Miss Piggy) that had only the remotest connection to the subject at hand.
Particularly painful is the moment from the April 11 Business Journal forum where Hales says the following:
He returned to education in 1996 and worked his way up to administration in Sweet Home, finishing his administrative license at the University of Oregon.
As Dimora stared from across the courtroom, Kleem avoided making eye contact with his onetime friend as he described how their relationship became so close that he would greet the commissioner with a hug and a kiss, a display of affection that helped send a message.
Fitzpatrick-Bjorn, along with about 20 other "givers," will pick up her books at Murder by the Book on Southeast Hawthorne. Store co-owner Barbara Tom said they wanted to be involved not just as a business but as people who love to read and share that passion with others. She plans to give away Mark Zusak's "The Book Thief" to older students at Arleta School, where she volunteers.
Tour of the Great River Road
Pagosa Springs 0 0 0 6  6Kent Denver 20 14 14 0  48KD  Givens 7 run (kick failed). KD  Franklin 49 run (Petre kick). KD  Florence 30 run (Petre kick). KD  Pettyjohn 63 pass from Florence (Petre kick). KD  Boatman 20 pass from Florence (Petre kick). KD  Franklin 80 run (Petre kick). KD  Soderberg 46 interception (Petre kick). PS  Ross 1 run (kick failed).
Our main concern is to provide a safe environment for the populace that will be attending the open house, Master Sgt. Anthony Jones, 87th Security Forces Squadron police services superintendent, told the paper.
Briana Butler (Triad) wasted little time adapting from high school to college softball. Butler belted two home runs and built a .467 batting average through her first six games as a freshman infielder at Missouri-St. Louis.
Currently, Dr. Becker is professor emeritus in anthropology at West Chester University. He has spent over 40 years researching the Lenni-Lenape and their native and colonial neighbors, is published in scholarly and popular journals, and has received the support of prestigious granting agencies.
RANDOLPH  A Randolph man serving a life in prison for the murder and dismemberment of a 16-year-old neighbor, has been ordered spend an additional five years in prison for assaulting a jail guard while he awaited trial.
The Lieutenant of Inishmore is no fairy tale, however.
"You cannot protect the environment unless you empower people, you inform them, and you help them understand that these resources are their own, that they must protect them," Maathai said on the website of the environmental movement she founded, the Green Belt Movement.
Coco Soul rocks and rolls: St. Louis vocalist Coco Soul leads a Mardi Gras Celebration concert at 11 a.m. Saturday at the Sheldon, featuring music from New Orleans, Brazil and more. $5-$10.
About 1:30 p.m., as many visitors return, Ezcurra climbs up to feed the great white again, which makes it 3 1/2 pounds of mackerel for the day, and bird specialist Eric Miller wheels his biggest client out to a public area on a cart.
"Over the last three years, the tide has turned," he declared. "We broke the Taliban's momentum. We've built strong Afghan security forces. We devastated al-Qaida's leadership, taking out over 20 of their top 30 leaders. And one year ago, from a base here in Afghanistan, our troops launched the operation that killed Osama bin Laden. The goal that I set - to defeat al-Qaida, and deny it a chance to rebuild - is within reach."
More likely, the city would "re-enter" the county as its 92nd municipality. The city of St. Louis would keep its own mayor and aldermen and fire department. But it likely would shed many of the functions that St. Louis County also performs, such as collecting property taxes and running a prosecutor's office and its own courts. It would, governmentally speaking, become a giant urban Kirkwood.
_ Requires written notification by either side to amend or terminate the agreement, which would take effect a year after that notification, and establishes that it may be renewed by mutual agreement in 2024.
By then, it was too late.
BUSINESS NETWORK INTERNATIONAL: St. Charles West Chapter, 7-8:30 a.m. Jan. 27, St. Charles Coffee House, 3821 McClay Road, St. Peters. For more information, contact Joseph Ord at 314-909-8100.
Edwardsville school officials have proposed sending only second-year students to the center, part of a proposal to cut spending. Under the plan, 10 Edwardsville High seniors will be allowed to continue attending classes at the Vocational Center, where students from several school districts study vocational programs such as electronics, child care and culinary arts.
Honda's luxury brand has slipped in recent years. Oddball looks and so-so performance left it behind other luxury brands.
The order of my eating life was transformed. Now it was vegetable, meat and starch. Still is.
New Jersey law enforcement agencies issue an average of 10,000 citations each month for cell phone violations, said Pam Fischer, director of the state Division of Highway Traffic Safety. The problem, Fischer said, is that nearly everyone today uses cell phones in their cars.
Favre threw away Minnesota's best chance to win, tossing an interception deep in New Orleans territory in the closing seconds of regulation. Then the Saints won the coin toss and soon it was over.
Killingsworth said many professors did not show up for the vote because of conflicting schedules and the likelihood the resolution was going to pass.
17900 block of Beneta, petty theft
3031 SAINT DAPHNE DR $75,700
Forks and Corks Food and Wine Festival, Sarasota. World-class weekend of food and wine including extravagant dinners, a late-night kick-off soiree, and The Grand Tasting with visiting wineries, food demonstrations, delicious samples, live entertainment and a charity auction.
"We took the position that we needed to know if people were cheating or violating the law as much as they did," he said. "Confessions will be very useful."
"We've been trying to think what Gabby would want us to say to you today. We think she'd ask you to come back sometime and visit the border, to see for yourself the problems down there."
In Capistrano Unified, all administrators had their salaries reduced by 10 percent last year  a cut reflected in the 2009-10 salary data obtained by the Register. The district's teachers, meanwhile, took a 10.1 percent pay cut this year that isn't reflected.
It's not all bad, but it's not all good, either.
The NTSB is conducting its own investigation and has issued no updates since late February.
Recently, a non-partisan group of school board members, parents and local and county elected officials joined together to form the Fair Funding Action Committee  the latest in two years worth of efforts to acquire additional funding for their respective school districts.
The Broncos made their pitch, in a low-key manner, according to Elway. They kept the discussions to football, with the Broncos telling Manning what they could do for him as Manning offered what he believed he could bring to the Broncos.
IBM said it wants to make the world better. And it thinks getting access to city leaders will also open doors for business.
How big should Schlafly be?
"We've traded better pitchers," Manny Acta said shrugging, meaning the trades of Cliff Lee and C.C. Sabathia weren't a reflection on them as pitchers. True, though inadvertently hinting that Jimenez is no Lee or Sabathia is probably not the best argument to make after an organization traded its top two prospects to get him. He'd better be darn close.
"We will have something to say this evening ... when we see the results," he said.
When finance ministers met again on June 20, Mr. Schuble pushed harder. Greece's bondholders should be told not merely to accept a delay in repayment, he said, but also to forgive some Greek debta so-called haircut.
"Now I'm glad it did take so long to publish," the 69-year-old author says. "I was able to get a lot of good angles." Not the least of them was the first interview by an author with Basu, whose videotape of little Sarina's departure for school happened to include the appearance of the two men who would shortly attack his wife at a nearby stop sign.
Prosecco tends to be simpler, with frothier bubbles caused by its mechanical method of carbonation, known as Charmat. Cava undergoes secondary fermentation in the bottle, the expensive method used in Champagne, and also often has toasty aromas from primary fermentation in oak barrels.
Suspicious person/circumstances. 1:41 p.m. Sunday. 0 block of Mercantile Way. A caller reported three juveniles possibly smoking drugs in a silver Hyundai.
Travelzoo: An earlier version of this online article said that the online site Travelzoo sells cruises. It doesn't sell cruises. It highlights cruise deals.
The suicide of former San Diego Chargers' linebacker Junior Seau one week ago has ignited a conversation at the grass roots of football. Parents are wondering if the sport has become too dangerous for their children, even at the Pop Warner level.
HUDSON, Ohio -- Jo-Ann Stores Inc., one of the few national retailers that prospered during the recession, has agreed to be acquired by a private equity firm in Los Angeles for $1.6 billion.
CdM needed Korber to defeat Douglas in the final round as well as a doubles sweep. Korber won, 6-3, and the doubles teams of Wheatley and Murray, as well as Zach Williams and Carson Williams, each pulled out victories.
Trailing 3-2, but looking forward, Portland must win Saturday's Game 6 against the Edmonton Oil Kings at 6 p.m. at the Rose Garden if the Winterhawks are to keep their hopes of a league title and a trip to the Memorial Cup alive.
Philadelphias Kurt Vile brought substantial volume and a bit more energy to his opening set, impressing with bludgeoning psychedelic drones that bordered on stoner rock. Imagine the young Lou Reed fronting Neil Youngs Crazy Horse.
Jackson-Terry currently serves as principal of Holman Elementary School in the Ferguson-Florissant School District. She served for two years as an area coordinator for Special School District. Earlier in her career, Jackson-Terry served in the Clayton School District for seven years as a speech language pathologist.
Rutgers Press Pass-Greg Schiano's weekly press conferences to be aired every Monday at 11:30 am (likely excluding opening Monday vs. Cincinnati).
The Rock and Roll Hall of Fames annual induction ceremony will take place for the first time ever this year in a world without Jane Scott, the legendary Plain Dealer rock critic who died July 4, 2011, at the age of 92.
The lesson, Ms. Gorski says: It's important "to be an honest person, but there are many ways to communicate the truth without being blunt or forceful or harsh."
The state Assembly Tuesday voted 136 to 3 to create a privately financed scholarship fund to help the children of immigrants pay college tuitions.
"I think you'll see some movement through some committees, but I don't think Kurt Zellers will have a vote on the floor of the Minnesota House this year," said Rep. Ann Lenczewski, DFL-Bloomington, the ranking DFLer on the House Taxes Committee.
But inspectors for the state board say it also isn't wise to assume that just because a salon is higher-priced or has an "exclusive" quality to it that proper sanitation is being practiced.
Longtime book seller P.K. Sindwani had to solicit the kindness of 50 customer-volunteers last year when he packed up his store and moved to a new location.
Built: 1890
Moscow signaled as clearly as it can that, as its UN Ambassador Vitaly Churkin put it yesterday, the Security Council should be guided by the principle of non-interference in Syrias internal affairs  even if the Arab League has initiated that interference.
It's not hard to poke holes in the cases of the Knicks and Raptors for getting Nash. New York fired Mike D'Antoni, who coached Nash and Stoudemire to some very good seasons in Phoenix. Toronto does not seem to have the talent to challenge for a playoff spot for a few seasons, much less contend. At Nash's age, that has got to be a major factor, national loyalty aside.
"I think there was an expectation that as the rhetoric heated up, it might deter some candidates from moving forward," he said. "It didnt."
In addition, Natalie Jeffersons 15-year-old son, Shaquan, ran back inside the burning home to pull out Jeffersons frightened 2-year-old daughter, Angel, the girls father said.
LaFontaine Automotive Group of Highland Township is the first GM dealership in the country to qualify for the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design certification.
When the story becomes the budget instead of the movie, it puts a negative connotation on everything, says Paul Dergarabedian, president of Hollywood.coms box-office division. We saw that with Evan Almighty, where it became, Theyre spending $170 million on a comedy sequel? And it doesnt even have the original star? 
And despite the fact that pastors never work harder than during this week-four sermons in four days, anyone?-I suspect most of my fellow clergy would feel the same way. Holy Week is the reason we do this. Jesus' suffering, death, and resurrection is the heart of Christian faith. Without it, we'd have no reason to get together at all.
The 37-year-old rapper got the minimum sentence Tuesday for his April murder conviction: 15 years to life.
The students were sponsored by Monsanto.
Last week I spoke to a political group. Any community where people are trying to proceed in a more constructive and rational way can be useful. It's really in schools, from kindergarten through graduate schools, where people have the best opportunity to understand how to sort out realistic claims from exaggerated ones and learn how to think critically.
Mortgage rates track the yield on 10-year Treasury note. The yield rose this week after investors, encouraged by central banks' joint effort to ease lending standards, shifted their money into stocks. Treasury yields rise when buying activity decreases.
Laboring back in 1960 on an ill-fated Broadway adaptation of "Hail the Conquering Hero," Gelbart was asked how it was going. His legendary reply: "If Hitler's alive, I hope he's out of town with a musical."
Prior to the murder, Winfrey had lived with his girlfriend in the apartment above the office at what was then called Storage USA. The girlfriend's sister had been the manager until she was fired for misappropriating money.
That much is undeniable. The "it" part remains somewhat undetermined.
Cavender Creek Vineyards and Winery
"People want to go out, even though they are on a budget," said Suzanne Gardner director of marketing for Portland-based YoCream International Inc., one of the biggest frozen yogurt suppliers in the Northwest. She says at least 15 YoCream-trained retail outlets have opened since last August, with a half-dozen or so more on the horizon.
The Grand Hotel on Mackinac Island turns 125 this year.
The fireball was probably the size of a minivan weighing about 154,300 lbs, estimated Bill Cooke, a specialist in meteors at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Ala.
Princeton offense generally means you have pretty smart players who are unselfish, McKillop said. And steroids means youre playing with pretty high energy. So if youre playing smart and with great energy, thats a very good compliment, so, thanks, Rick.
Anyway, let's see what kind of sandwiches I've been serving.
He will report Wednesday to extended spring training in Port Charlotte, Fla., and the Rays reiterated that there's not a definitive timetable for getting him ready to play.
But Mod Lang is hardly an ordinary record store. For instance, the top sellers in the store last week were the pop peripheralists New Pornographers, the Lovemakers and BMRC, artists who would be found considerably further down such lists at Virgin Megastore and Borders. At Mod Lang, there are only two Beatles titles in stock, although more than 30 by British folk-rockers Fairport Convention. "You can get Beatles CDs at petrol stations," said Paul Bradshaw, who maintains his British locutions after more than 25 years in this country.
Bryant, who served more than a quarter-century in the Legislature, was convicted in 2008 of using his clout as budget chairman for a low-work job to boost his taxpayer-funded pension. He is scheduled to be released from prison on those charges in 2013.
Orms, who capped his high school career with a game-winning 56-yard touchdown run on fourth-and-2 with 19 seconds remaining in the state championship game, has endured one injury after another in Boulder. All of them have involved his right leg.
(1) Safeguard has not been licensed to do business in Oregon for years, according to Sally Ridenour at the Oregon Department of Transportation: "They are not currently legal to operate in the state of Oregon."
At Align Pilates in Minneapolis, noses drip with sweat, muscles quiver with exhaustion, and Beyonc blares from the speakers as class instructor Adrienne Fitzmaurice affirms what everyone is thinking:
Sites: Sagami Bay. A 10-minute walk south from Enoden Railway Hase Station brings you to the landing beaches that would have been used by the Eighth Army. The peaceful bay is fringed with houses, surf shops and small restaurants. The Great Buddha of Kamakura is five minutes north of the station. Shops along the street to the temple sell treats, including mitarashi dango, rice dumplings on a stick covered in a sugary soy sauce. Nearby is Hase Temple, with sweeping views of the bay. The Enoden is a trolley-like train that makes its way through the back yards and lanes from its terminal next to the main Japan Rail station in Kamakura.
Gone is the pure white background that engulfed the host and guest as if they were part of the afterlife scenes in Heaven Can Wait. Also absent is the stylized use of extreme close-ups of subjects.
Fairley's arrest came a day after it was learned that running back Mikel Leshoure was cited two times in western Michigan for marijuana possession in less than a month, and months after offensive tackle Johnny Culbreath paid a fine in South Carolina for simple possession of marijuana.
1945 Parker Rd, $30,000
In terms of actual number of employees, Phoenix is by far the largest, followed by Mesa.
"I'll go to Mesa or Scottsdale to buy four tires at Costco," said Robbins, who with her husband mainly depends on Social Security retirement benefits. "The tax really can add up."
Furthermore, critics said, patients wouldn't know about a provider's moral objections until the provider refused to provide treatment or dispense a drug  and the provider wouldn't have to refer the patient elsewhere.
The Obama administration needs the vote of at least one of the five Republican appointees on the nine-member court to uphold the law.
He dubbed the house the Ackermansion. The jam-packed repository included everything from a Dracula cape worn by Lugosi to Mr. Spock's pointy ears and from Lon Chaney Sr.'s makeup kit to the paper-plate flying saucer used by director Ed Wood in "Plan 9 From Outer Space."
Last year, all the students participated in a similar program. The NFL pairs with the American Heart Association for the physical activity portion and it partnered with the National Dairy Council for the nutrition element. Last year they only did the physical activity. This year, they added the breakfasts.
Burke ran the race in 1940, disguised as a man because women weren't allowed to participate.
Assemblywoman Linda Greenstein (D-Middlesex), who was criticized by a conservative nonprofit organization in 2007, has already introduced a bill that would require some issue-advocacy organizations to disclose donors and expenses.
In addition, Horrock said, you can learn about relationships, occupations and income. A family earning $5,000 in 1870 or even 1940 was well-off, while a family earning that sum in 2010 would be in dire poverty.
The current route follows Interstate 80 to Highway 20 and into Nevada City before riders pass through Beale Air Force Base and approach Sacramento from the north. After two finishing circuits around the state Capitol, the stage ends at 11th and L streets.
students know and can do. Teachers were allowed to choose a scale, which has caused some confusion because not all follow the same scale.
Some of us are also concerned that some bishops seem to have a problem dealing with women. We don't expect women to be treated as inferiors by the bishops. We do expect that Catholic women who espouse more liberal and progressive policies will be treated as well as more conservative women of faith.
This is the second major brush fire in southern New Jersey in less than a week. Last week fires burned 400 acres in Winslow Township, about 20 miles southwest of Monday's blaze. Officials have said those likely were set deliberately.
He has been through two bankruptcies and two divorces. And he has more tattoos than most circus performers.
That would mean putting a higher priority on flood control at the expense of recreation, the environment and endangered species -- a change that the corps at this point appears unprepared to make.
Brennan says bin Laden wrote of his worries that his leaders were being killed so quickly the group would not survive.
Another Arizona resident said the middle class is carrying more of a tax burden while lower-income Americans get welfare assistance and upper-income Americans get tax advantages.
All-Staten Island football Coach of the Year: Jim Bradley, Monsignor Farrell
Tribute to returning veterans, 4:30-9:30 p.m. Meyer Amphitheater, 104 Datura St., West Palm Beach. The family-friendly event includes entertainment, music, food, veterans job fair, ceremonies, guest speakers. Free. Visit WHHPB.org or call 561-400-7194.
Nichol caught 36 passes for 352 yards and three touchdowns in 2011, including a Hail Mary from Cousins to shock Wisconsin 37-31 on Oct. 22.
-- In January 2010, Yerger orders a fine of $1.56 million against Eaton for the discovery violations cited. He continues to examine the question of whether Peters tried to sway DeLaughter.
After graduating from Loyola, Vanecko enrolled at Villanova University near Philadelphia. He later transferred to John Carroll University in Cleveland, where he played football for two years. School records listed him as a 6-foot-2, 250-pound defensive tackle who majored in history.
Real deals: Lunch (and brunch on the weekends) provides hearty food for less than $12.
"It was a very bright ball of white light, then dimmer to the horizon," she said. "We thought this was very unusual due to the bright daylight and how vivid the object was."
An airline that connects small cities with leisure destinations will begin nonstop flights from the mainland to Honolulu in June.
The project -- which will dismantle and remove the rotting wooden slips, pylons and moorings surrounding the Boat Club and should be completed by June 1 -- is being financed by the Detroit Belle Isle Grand Prix Association, with support of the Belle Isle Conservancy and Detroit City Council.
I needed to know: Has Eustachy given John Calipari of Kentucky or Duke's Mike Krzyzewski proper warning to watch out for Colorado State?
Then why are you still tweeting me... Pammy if you're gonna die, then die... stop getting my hopes up...
"It's good to be outspoken and blunt, but there's a very fine line between being rude and being honest. Never confuse the two."
even though i dont know you Happy Birthday(:
HOW DO YOU KNOW THIS?! Are you for sure this time?!! :O :O
When John Edwards said there were two Americas, he meant one where he was having sex constantly and the other one.
yeah yeah I do!
you're 21 and dont have your license...are you amish?
My phone stopped working the day Instagram for Android came out... At least Verizon is sending me a new one
On 4/27 U wrote #CISPA was "developed in close consultation w/civil libertarians" I can't find any, name them.
Really?! He must be GORGEOUS!
When someone say wyd? I always say nothing even if I am doing something, its much easier
Thanks For Answerin All My Questions! (: Can iGet A Follow Back?
not at all
OMG!!!!!!! I like really #sick and it sucks. GodsGirl777
over 200 breweries
Just finished a songwriting session...country tune "She's the One" officially done. Now, anyone got a connection w/ ?
We don't have a horse in this race, but opening nights are always fun! RT Your #WhiteSox are home!
good rest for the Big 3, Neal, Leonard, and Jackson.
hahaha it's crazy how many ppl stared at me! Wouldn't happen in SF...
Anyone have examples of innovative work using digital technologies to study the Middle Ages?
Anytime. We love the work that you do and we're just glad to help in any way that we can.
Recording is coming along but we still have a show this month, next wed. at Long Wong&#39;s, be there!
Allow a new dog to smell your child first before interacting with him
Nice avatar. You're looking mighty pimpin' these days :)
I wish #oomf could come cuddle
This is a great day, deep bows of gratitude!
congrats!! Feel like an adult now?
Nothing is so much enjoyed by some men as a practical joke; and the greater the annoyance they can occasion the greater their delight (1850)
For reasons that may not be clear at the moment... you are right where you need to be at this point in time. It's your life's journey.
This team isn't the Indianapolis Colts. They're trying to win a Super Bowl.
Just wondering why a turkey bacon avocado is $5 but turkey avocado is $6.20. I have to pay to NOT get bacon? Logical? NOPE!
going to watch Kevin Na at TPC.. one of the strangest approaches to golf you'll see, takes forever and curses after warm up shot
did you attend cranbrook when you were younger?
Fluke. Although the last time I experienced it was a January in the '80s, so it may be significant as a cosmic event.
Thanks for the follow!
You don't know you're beautiful.... That's what makes you beautiful....
RT I should clarify that by "everyone" I just mean Eddie, Ricky, and now Jeremy. I'm not a whore or anything.
I owe you one Russian hooker
Made in USA!
Dude are you watching this? OMG!
Christopher getting on my nerves
We are always looking for artist's and bands to collaborate with... send us a message
Today when someone drops something try shouting "Jenga"
that's one cool ass chick you got there.
Never been so excited to go to sleep in my entire life as I am right now
Good Morning!! Remember this day is what YOU make it!! :)
Who wants free sunglasses??? Look for us all over campus giving away free btownmenus goods! Ask about us!
Tell the folks in DC that! How about some sustained meditation and purposeful action too!
Thanks for the great feedback and response. I can't wait to connect with you next week
Loud pack
Aww... Well of course I'm gonna follow a lil hottie like you. Thanks for the follow back.
John Richards () killin' it this morning ! Heard Joy Division and Kermit the Frog!
Ehh, text me (:
It's a little long (20 min in the two parts), but I have listened to this once a week for the last 6 months.
Done. RT:: should unblock her twitter so I can retweet her. #dollsinchitown
Like us on Facebook!
Sweet! Let's chat soon, I want to get a list of people who can participate.
: you guys invited me! I'm not the one bringing in the whole town of Gary, IN. Haha LMFAO Travis!!!!!!!!
Think about it...think about your life...and step outside of what the present brings...and be thankful that you are alive another day to
RT Love the reminder! Getting into gear myself :)
Lol. I Look And Act Just Like My Dad <3
I'd just love to see those drunken red sox fans throwing a fit.
Shake Shack on the Post Road instead?
I was not there but from what I heard from people that were that video does not capture the essence of what happened very well
On land, yes. But most of the earth's surface is ocean, where blue is considerably more common.
Making my craft list.. caged in for hurricane #Irene = lots of time to be crafty! #wedding #etsy fun :)
Corbin can nod yes now. :)
haha I literally LOL'd xD it's funny seeing bios like that!
Have a good time with your long time friends!
yep fuji
if you know the names and titles of all the releases from #bayarea artist I can give you total #top200 #soundscan numbers. YES
Our pictures from our shoot our up on our facebook! Go check them out and tell us what you think!
no it isn't they're unisex shoes!
way to stand up for what's right
Eminim songs never get old
oh my goshh screw those WTP's !
ah, a classic for sure!
Sometimes I think I should've stuck with watercolor: It's sloppy, it's messy, it's almost never perfect.
Thank you for the RT!
Good morning!!! When you can't sleep you might as well work!
don't retweet articles by the dickhead
That's hilarious! What store was it? Hooray for happy accidents!
"Whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, whatever is commendable...if there is anything worthy of praise, think on these things."
any news on your macbook repair?
yeeee I know, its must be feel soo cool!!
Jonny Lang is singing one of my favorite songs "That Great Day"
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. - Yogi Berra
No It Dont Come Easy. No It Dont Come Fast. Lock Me Up Inside Your Garden. Take Me To The Riverside. Fire Burnin' Me Up Desire Takin' Me So
Would you use this tech only in testing phases of a device or in its full implementation? Thanks!
That is bullshit! Every kiss does not began with Kay.
1 week after the concert !!
I believe in BEARS every week #bleedblue&orange
Do football people like Chris Berman? Cuz I hope his throat catches on fire one day and he never talks again, ever.
i'm so proud of you, 24 followers! 
Happy birthday, Lindy! I hope you had a great day!
I see "Cum Laude" or "Magna Cum Laude" or "Summa Cum Laude" next to or before my name on my bachelors degree. Yup.
IMH, Only Fred Astaire can dance on his movies & still look totally manly
I'm an emotional wreck.
Agreed. Especially you ! RT : If you want my business, never, ever, ever cold call me.
Can I do it tomorrow? lol. I've been dying to do your damn hair.
Airport hiking! A great fitness regimen!!
we're staying awake by reading each other TMZ stories.
Going to try for a blog posty thing on the end of the semester and meeting Charlaine Harris before heading home for the vacation.
Meek Milly Racked up Racked OUT!
Super fun! Pouring rain on way to gym bright and sunny on way home.
It's crazy, but there have been more exciting finishes to WIAA state semifinal high school games the past 2 days as compared to games.
Our love is like a roller coaster but I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Soups of the day; Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, tortellini brodo, Corn chowder, beef barley,minestrone.
And I don't know what I'm diving into Just hanging by a moment here with You.
Me cursing? Idk what your talking about haha
The harmonies of the I~Threes are Superb!
Terminal cancer <<<< knowing some of my great friends are leaving me in like 8 school days.
Thanks Jason!
Q: Does an archive of social movement ephemera necessarily constitute an art historical category?
haha I know =[ I'm glad we got to kick it #cent201 style though
Wonderful New York Daily News article #MollyQuinn tiny.cc/opfet
I only just now discovered the show "Up All Night!" I haven't laughed that hard since Seinfeld and Friends.....
Communication is Key.
fam. time is the best time
I meant go after him with Updyke-type move! Poor guy!
from the looks of it nowhere
that guy is such a little bitch, why doesn't he just retire and move to florida allready
Can't wait!
5 y/o boy: "This store has EVERYTHING. Honestly, what more could you want in a toy store??" #ThanksBuddy!
Watching who you love do the thing(s) they love is... stimulating.
hope u had fun in NYC <33 love u and can't wait to see u again. Soon ;)
Tomorrow's game just took on a whole new meaning: Win & we could be in the playoffs. WE NEED YOU HERE! Support #CLE!!!
Going to IHRSA? Stop by and see the new features in EZFacility software
it wasn't actually that bad...moved fast
Glad you liked our random fact!
Best ski tuner in Seattle, that guy. And mighty good skier too.
If U take advantage of the Email Blast/Fax program, please have request submitted to our office one week before "Blast" date.
Robert Greer Jr. Needs to come home NOW! I miss my brother 
I just wanted to make u happy:)
Hey Stranger
I never heard LMFAO - Party Rock. Glad I heard U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday, G. Washington - Just the Two of Us, & N. Young - old man
RT : Facebook agrees to buy photo network Instagram for $1 billion in cash and stock
gets me today,that acoustic album is perfect-even if everyone leaves FL,it's a year old,and you know more than me;)
Come on Cougs!!!
you and me both
Follow for the lastest new restaurants/happyhours in #DC !
Should'nt you be dialing?
R.I.P. MCA
Jamming to help me stay awake and get home
thanks! You too, where can I find your music?
The things that have been on twitter and facebook all day have been prom and the avengers movie.
Life is not measured by the breaths you take, but by the moments that take your breath away 
noni >> lol that is one funny & blunt person
Librarians: Nature's Pedants
Today's Inspirational Quote: "Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day." -- Author Unknown
The canton bocce league starts tonight!! $1.50 miller lite drafts and $6 pitchers at Looneys after the game!
that must mean your picking be up then?
Wait what'd Ari do :0?
Your very welcome(:
Lol they liked the sound clip haha
thanks for the interest. Were you at #zinfest too? I'd say I was sorry I missed you, but I couldn't even find my coworkers!
Arguments are to find out who is right. Discussions are to find out what is right.
Headed to Pullman Branch Library to attend info session on Chicago Collegiate Charter School, a proposed 4th-12th grade charter school.
Non stop working for the next 4 days.. Being a senior at my school is
It doesn't matter, we have to play the same, sacrifice and play hard for each other
verily, that each subsequent day be known as PON, unto the third iteration, whereupon WEY shall be the time until the cycle repeateth again
any recommendations? Love your feed and your site. Thanks again.
Steven Madden slips on EPS
Zenith watches | Alirazashaikh
RT via : 35mm is not dead, landscape is changing. Archives & exhibitors can work together to keep it alive
Just matched a Buckingham Browne Nichols senior to a PR/marketing internship for her senior project.
yes! How do I proceed!?
So ready for #Rockies opening day today. Go Rox. Beat the Stros!!!
thanks for the rt!
I don't know if I am the worst cook ever, or if it was because I made a lowfat version, but the eggplant parm wasn't good:(
>>Happy Birthday you!!! Anything special lined up?!
I don't have your number! :( but we're going to another friends house then will decide if downtown
Real Eyes. Realize. Real Lies.
See, you can't hate till you participate.
The 2nd best part of last night besides the win was how amused was by the tussle between the cops and the streaker postgame
For today: Human Nature's "Don't You Want Me, Baby?", and Melissa Ethridge's "I'm The Only One" to name a few.
Entry Fee $675.00 2012 Contestants Will Receive After Entry Fee Is Paid Rhinestone Crown Custom Sash
Congrats to Tim Hays on Caroline Street, who won our donated house history at the Dupont Village auction!
tonight is my 1st session of "Sewing A to Z."
Following route of the Trans alaska pipeline
cant wait to see you december 3rd in my town <3
love u baby less than 2 weeks from adding a new member to the family love you ya sexy son of a bitch <3<3<3
It's COMING! The Thin Mint Blast will be here in TWO days! Come in on March 1st to taste a lil' mix of Mocha's and Girl Scout heaven.
She and I are now going to meet monthly. Loads of cool possibilities. Gonna promo too. She's awesome.
blown away. as i child i wanted to be dr. dre. now i wanna be like steve berman. just wow.
A period of travel and relaxation when you take twice clothes and half the money you need.
Wow! Virginian Earthquake?Felt as far as New York City and Washington?
Why are my flowers dying!??
Ha, well it's no Nokia flip but it's nice. No real reason to spend extra $ on iPhone.
Great point! RT Why isn't or the live-tweeting #ThePitch right now? Missed oppts.
Mazzetti,said it was the most secret mission in US history. Ever heard of The Manhattan Project you FOOL!
I really dnt care
I'll be right there RT : 85 right now in #Vegas... just sayin' RT : DOHHHHHH!!!! It's SNOWING.....
Getting pretty crafty
My eyes are screaming for more sleep. Why, does it have to be school already.
That moment when you know your friend is doing something wrong, and you want to blast out the truth.
that saying deserves a t-shirt: 'You're so hot, I'd poke holes in the condoms.'
: I hate when my body is like, "Time to sneeze." Then it's all like, "LOL JK."
Hey y'all I got a haircut!
oh fuck yeah I'm so ready! and I will get black because were like international, you might burn Mic :X
Old guy on Grindr: "You're very cute." Me: "You're very old." Him: "Ouch.." Me: "Oh I thought we were stating the obvious.." Him: *block*
Quinten just made a puzzle -- solve it and he'll buy you one of Mitch's ALL BEEF HOT DOGS! 7916 SE Foster until 7 PM today, 11-7 Thurs-Sat
": Final: Oregon 108 Iowa 97." One hundred and freakin Eight! Wow
Heard thru the grapevine that is catering #TXScotRiteAccessLux! Hope they serve the Bistro 31beet salad.
New Obsession- cleaning my fridge handle with a magic eraser.
Please follow us back :) it would meen the world to us...
ah someone text me! I'm bored as hell!
Not a fan of naming kids after white presidents, shitty MPS schools or city's in Wisconsin.
#Congress: #Afterschool provides an effective learning environment and afterschool activities. This must continue.Udaya
: George Clooney is gonna bang EVERYONE in that room. ha ha y am I not in that room!?!!?
Congrats and for winning 'Love in the Wild'. I actually really enjoyed the show! The best to both of you :)
Join me Thursday March 8th, 6pm to meet Winemaker, Jeffrey Stambor and taste some great wines!
I am holding back on a Gabby Giffords joke...
Damn this slush/rain
Thank you! How do you like Israel? I've heard a lot of stories from my friend whose parents live there. :)
an informal tech coffee klatch. Last one was about 6 weeks ago at Graze.
If you have tried free-SEO or paid-SEM traffic, have you tried free-VIRAL traffic? Tell me...
#sdmayornp SD has an environment, beaches, sunshine - but no environmental plan.
Does not make someone skinny but of course u would care u have no standards to u everyone is pretty
's music video for her new single #Singit premieres soon. I can't lie but I am excited. She has come a long way and has come
And now a family movie night. Don't think this day could get any better. :)
LOVE THAT SONG HOW OLD R U ?? I AM 14
You people tweet way too much
My princess was upset that I wasn't home to spend the weekend with her... I feel loved (:
Few things on Twitter are funnier than Anthony DiComo's exclamation-point mockery of the Mets' official feed.
Sharks have been around longer than dinosaurs, humans, and the Simpsons. So they don't latch on to fads quickly.
Hey ya'll, chill! I know that last pic wasnt a butterfly.. But "moth" or "Luna" didn't rhyme, u dig?
actually yes lol stayed in and watched movies
bruh I swear u in my head rite now
thanks for teaching how to quote tweets!
thats ok but thats good you getting stuff moving i like to see that
": We fight , we curse , we kiss , we hug , we make up , we text , we talk , we argue , we laugh , we smile , we love, that's us."
excited to go upnorth this weekend for my bday with my hubbie :) I hope we get #snow!
What up Boi?
Chicago, Madison, Boston, LA, NYC #publiced are all one.
What's up Twitter?
McDonald's run
I'll give it to ya, you took some shots hahah
If audience is thinking it, you should be writing it.
2012 Phenom Camper  Phenom 150: LaShawn Harrison Rising 9th Southampton, Pa Travel Team: Southampton Shooting Guard 511
No! Its not time yet! RT : RT : Per the Idaho Stampede, is retiring
New York <3
RT : I love your Clean Trash story on this morning! >>Thanks!
Innocence is strength most high
Room is CLEAN, I even vacuumed, not gonna think about how long this is gonna last ;) ... now debating if I have time to tackle the bathroom
I have another account besides Fan page, go to it and see. It's under Lisa Kamppila Wilson, add me to see.
It's weird knowing that I'll be a senior in a couple of weeks. 
hey :) i just wanted to tweet you before i get to work :) i'll start saving some money cause i wanna meet you in a comic con :)
Yes yes. The divas are back tomorrow at 8 pm. Signature Live!!!! I'm thinking they r going to rock the house again!!!!!
on my way to Tampa to visit family :)
Posting this makes you an open minded scientist. We must always challenge our beliefs to get to the truth.
Bout to watch 7pounds with the loved ones
homerun on this AM! Time to go to work!
Congrats to the WI Badgers on a great run in the tourney!! Thrilling game and so close.
Damn for da last 3 days alot of people been talking bout FB's
#in hi
: Wanna cuddle and be cute all over the place? c:sure why not?.(:
<----- You know any good attorneys? lol
Bitch is so used, I wouldn't sell her in a second-hand store.
great adventure today with :)
YAY! You're like an engineer and stuff! :)
Also, my caffeine and Claritin haven't quite kicked in yet. And I have gum on the sole of my shoe. So, good morning! How are y'all?
Dang i missed the lunch :( RT Hell, let's all just meet for lunch at noon.
improving peer review by utilizing our digitally networked environment
Has everyone picked up their tickets to see at the on June 20th?
Scrum halfway
As annoying as they may be, anonymous has one of the coolest slogans ever written. Where do I sign up?
you're bad at math...
ok watched it. Um does #cougarmariah realize he's not 18? And more importantly neither is she?
How 'bout dem Cards?! This is more like it!!
#NetDE Congrats, ! *confetti*
I randomly sit and play with my titties.. idk why ?? 0_o
I don't hate you because you're fat, you're fat because I hate you
for a mission trip.
One phone call can really change my mod
That awkward moment when you are commenting on someone's "cute little girl" when it's actually a boy.......
& hopefully iget some callbacks and interviews next week..! Hopefully :) Lord knows im praying for it..!
OK, Zito kept it under control. No Decision. He can go home tonight & sleep soundly on his pink satin pillows.
np haha but she kinda is...
Wilford Brimley is a former bodyguard of Howard Hughes.
Oh, hi there!
The format is a little wacky, but a good start!
Day just went downhill. I'm going to be broke for the rest of my life.
Chompers, creatine, and the gym. Deadliest combo ever
Thanks for the follow Georgie! Onward!
It is for anyone interested in interaction design & development, with specific emphasis on the realm of User Experience.
We only have 4, $50 off coupons for Botox, plus if you sign up with Brilliant Distinctions, you can get another $25-$50 off that day!
U ever been on the freeway and traffic hits and u swerve to avoid car in front of u...all cuz u were messing with ur iPod? Me neither...
Getting ready to play "mr. mom" today with the kiddos as works on schoolwork.
And a good day to you sir!
smiling, and waving back :)
great work at #cxnats adam, when they bring nationals to austin you can smoosh them in my backyard!
I only believe in intoxication, in ecstasy, and when ordinary life shackles me....
The tweet is back at the bloody ford garage. Don't think he has experienced a mad English woman before and I never swore once lol!
You look awesome in cap & gown! CONGRATS!!!
Welcome to Twitter! Now add a pic and tweet something :)
we are doing pretty good, exhausted but good. How are you?
Due to popular demand,we are keeping the stock photo deal up for a little longer.Don't miss a 50% discount on stock photos. empiresteals.com
Why am I #stillawake?! Should be sleeping, but #YOLO ;)
good luck to all those running in the Broad St. run! I will be far away from the chaos :)
: Ommgggg just followed me  #bffsagain lol and you followed me back! 
back at cha, sister!
Wishing the #archivist and #librarian community had a resource like
Can anyone explain the recent phenomenon with Rum Chata?! How do you like to drink it best?
i have such a bad habit of texting in my sleep. i texted someone i haven't talked to since middle school "omg tgat was sii mucgh fun. table"
Iron man:)
Guys night in. Benji loves him some
i groups of people who make road blocks on the sidewalk by all walking next to each other..single file please
Things that are so awesome that they make us want to dance around the office: What a brilliant idea!
When you trying to bubble, don't pop
I don't love you, I don't hate you. I don't know how I feel.
who are you drew brees? RT: : Sorry for all the Nyquill Tweets
worldview = tradition = culture = mental models; we just assume that's the way it needs to be ..
BEING SINGLE IS BETTER THEN BEING IN THE WRONG RELATIONSHIP.
Just as the bytes is back with posting, she's back on twitter. I know you're all excited. Or, maybe it's just me? www.allanabytes.com
Are you friends with Jacob Soll? He's amazing!
Rain stopped, southern Adirondacks. Noise of wind in trees impressive. No power, whole town, night falling. Generator at bar? Irish coffee!
A whole lot overwhelmed at the moment
RETWEET if you watched Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" music video. (followme)
My mom just trolled me so hard.
#bitcheswhowontdateme the Vice Presidents wife
Yeah. I think they have bigger issues to deal with right now.
its raining and the last of the tomatoes needed it,but my car needed it more. I may be able to go at least another month without a wash now.
hahaha. it's okay just don't let it happen again! :) haha
The Large Endangered Birds
Crash into me
interesting...would love to hear about how they break out food decisions.
Mikael: modularization of standards as an important tool - Dublin Core was in this sense a pioneer
Colleague has brought in her 2nd batch of apple crisp. We're suffering over here at
idk I have to see her
It's hard to see someone grow that fast:/ lol<3
Happy Easter Everyone!!
Janet & Nick have #Warpedtour tickets this morning.
Thank you so much had a photo shoot with Robert Knight
Early cinco de mayo:)
One-game playoff, top 7: Carroll 1, SA Reagan 0. Reagan pitcher Austin Hays has retired 11 in a row. Carroll's Dumes has retired 9 in a row
you are a SF fan! After hometown loyalty people pick teams with their emotions....
gotta babysit for a while dont want to
Meta World Peace face look like a halloween mask
One day will reply to one of my tweets..
What normally is a 3.5 hr drive from Nashville to Atlanta has taken us 6 hrs so far. Not home yet!
Thanks! If you've got lots of friends in poker, we're looking for affiliate reps all over the US. LMK if you're interested.
Hmm...smells alot nicer in the today than Tues... Oh yeah Torres isnt here tonight! ;D
Saw a live fox this am in God's country! Beautiful!
Jason Moran was great @ penn tonight talking about his collaborations
Come check out free books from indie authors at www.genrebuds.com
Great to hear! If you have any other questions or concerns please let us know.
#ValentinesDay is approaching and for 21 years havent been with anyone of #VDAY. No necessarily looking but just like damn wtf is up...
  if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO.
hoq about "levels" by avicii?? That would be great, love ur show!
So a fight breaks out on the bus....
I believe in a long, prolonged, derangement of the senses in order to obtain the unknown. - Jim Morrison
If you aren't following , do so ... he's a fellow member of the Weimeraner Worshipers Society
I think two & a hafe men should just close the casket & just get canceld
when you don't text me back I assume it's cuz you don't wanna talk and I hesitate to text you again later.
editing, sorry. :)
Happy Friday ;^)
I know right! :D
You da man! #ramonwow #womcc Now I want pizza.
oh well fuck yea u can't expect ne thing less with us two together especially 2 slices of sprite
Once Again Happy Birthday To My Younger Brother GMO.I love u Bro, Ur All Grown Up Now.!!U Made It,W/ No Kids No Early Marriage.
Damn Ps3 Controller Dead
#DEDICATEDTO ALL THE BIPOLAR PEOPLE ON THE PLANET FUCK BOTH OF THE PEOPLE INSIDE UR HEAD
good thing that moose didnt pick you to be her new spouse.
Why my job is awesome: 30m tweeting MCA lyrics w/ links to the albums, ending w/ the love & respect quote from "Sure Shot" on Mother's Day.
Man v food. Like watching a really bad car crash.
RT : giving a shout out on air to Culinary Local 226 while on radio
great meeting last Thursday.Our club is growing literally thanx to all the leadership, members and guest who make it possible.,
tss the last rap in 8 mile!>>> (;
fruit roll ups
": Hey, old people, what's with the constant chewing?" -making sure their teeth are still there
Good food, good people makes for a great party. Thanks for stopping by last night.
So...can we start ice skating lessons again? Next Saturday would be great!
Since your comments about I bought the soundtrack. So many great songs & fun memories! Thnks 4 sharing!
PROUD member of SAG/AFTRA since 1979
hopes the Easter bunny found everyone...but more importantly that everyone found church. eating chocolate for breakfast yum!
MISS "C" PLEASE CHECK MY JAM FREAK MODE WIT A LITTLE HOME MADE VIDEO ATTACHED
My parents don't understand Twitter :) It's great !
hey whats up?
All we can do is stay positive.
I'm not perfect, but I promise I'm worth it...
700 + credit score NOW!!!
My favorite Links moments: "Disaster" Dickau, your 9/11 posts and, speaking of April Fools, "streetballer" Jesse Dunn.
I'm in that bitch and my song gone play in the club
Half marathon in 9 days-- probably about time to get some new running shoes!
im here in Ohio, & its 11 degrees, bro you cant be freezing(:
ready to leave WM tho. & yall. that's what im excited for
Adrian Beltre, 456 feet, think the hammy can handle bottom of the inning...
i'd never leave Vegas. Lived in Cali for 3 years and had to come back after being deployed
I'm baking tonight...
my sister has swine flu..i couldnt find mask so im wearing a cowboy bandana..fml FML fml. -lauren OH HEY okay eugene made me tweet..
Any political party that pushes Latinos away will be the permanent minority party in this country.
you were *due*
Irene has been removed from the World Meteorological Organization's list of tropical cyclone names. Irma is her replacement.
If you keep whispering such sweet nothings, who KNOWS what might happen, sahr!
Life is so confusing right now...
But he's good lol
shes a britney griner I'm sure. dude playin women's sports
A corporate narration for a company in Spain and then more audiobook narration is the #voiceover work for today.
I find myself saying "that's horrifying" a lot more...thanks
doin what:P
I wish you knew how to treat and care for someone
i have to curl and pull it all over to one side then myface has to be fixed then i put on my first dress lol :)
RT IF JUSTIN, CODY, OR GREYSON ARE NOT FOLLOWING YOU SO THAT I CAN DM THEM YOUR USERNAME! (must be following ) #NOJOKE!!!
I like the dick
Good to have ya back RT : Feels good to be back in #BBN!
#FF #followartist Amazing portraits and figurative artist! Please follow
love it! a show on the Madison, WI community station used to play that every year.
Theyre hot and I like 3 of their songs but I dont like them like I doo or
i cnt believe i havent even done half on my homework :(
Girl jus BLOW my MIND!)
haha, were you able to keep all of them separate? :)
I gotta headache : / Ugh !
You should be watching the Detroit State of The City.
I see you have gone with Cobra Commander for your avi.
Hey buddy! How's it going? :)
When you purchase any tile from Byrd you qualify for a 10% off discount on any Cote D'Azur fixturing from
Should I get a design for our televised game tomorrow or not?
haha love you too...that sucks but when it's done you'll be very proud :)
With our Detroit Group Tickets we have 6 tickets to either Phi at Det - Friday or Chi at Det - Sunday. Let me know if you want them
i am
Were you at Blowtoad tonight? Was too nervous to say hi!! Been a reader for a while :)
Live n relive the rev in my dreams
RT Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
Im so excited for spring!! I just got so much floral! btw H&M scarves are cheap! :)
ovens are off; sun is out; breeze is unbelievable for DC in June; heading to get coyote and to have some fun!
Let's go get some food bro
Dolphins got an absolute steal in Lamar Miller. Dude is a wizard.
Holy shit. Vampire Diaries, what are you doing to me?!
My sister blames me for her anger issues.
We update condition of Fmr VP Dick Cheney and 21 year old Arlington woman shares the story of her heart transplant w on News4
I'm going to hide... just so that will happen.
Mad Thursdays @ O'Malleys Tonight w/ Best Drink specials. Best Party. Beer Bar hosted by From 10-11.Get There Early!
The damning testimony before the Congr- Exec Comm on China concerning WH blundering would be headlines 4 weeks 4a GOP pres. :
dont even fight her in school just gonna get broken up in like 10 secs. and den yall both get suspended. Not worth it
GO FOLLOW NOW he's the best bro in the world ;)
I live a healthy lifestyle and feel great
Mega Millions crazyness Sold already $500+. It's predicted tonights draw jackpot at over $700 Million.
PB&J ....late night snack
Anytime. If you need help with anything else just let me know.
Good morning everybody!!!
will u ever follow me or even call me?(I can give u my number) I love u with all my life jb!!
You do an absolutely awesome job for the Falcons and represent our city well. Thanks for all you do and get well soon!
you're welcome. 
stressful as shit
- good job tonite, Pastor Miles! It was a very nice memorial service 4 Junior Seau.
Congratulations to aka Glenn Adams our official Member of Blackstreet!!!! &
having not enough polos or real clothes
Just learn from my mistakes
following that link popped up my virus scan to block and exploit
I'm for team with most points...if ya didn't understand da safety call in 1st quarter you'll not understand my strategy...
about the same just in a different city. No real cheesesteak sandwiches here so I'm jealous of that!
  Thanking God for waking me up today #Blessed..
yo those jackets for sale?
Its scary how many girls have sideburns
This is all so perfect I actually really want this to happen so much :(((
Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate. ~ Sandra J. Dykes
Congratulations on your wedding!
Softly hearing Brass Monkey spill from 's office.
Low-glycemic formula for sustained energy
Going to baseball game and then early fireworks. Boom.
happy b day apple head
50 cent follow me please
Hopping in the showers.
Day #8: Aurelia Williams hit a high A at 10 am, so I'm trying to figure out how to sabotage her. Not really. But...
Are they the children of the corn?
lmao no worries.
I like watching soccer but i don't like that they take forever to score!
Really want to, great social tech stuff going on in the whole region. Are you at #cdp21? If so, say hi to my colleague Julie Chen!
working on staff bios for the new website .. muahahah! ps, did you catch that last part? it's getting close to being done! whose excited?
Post a pic for us. RT : sounds good to me!
if you must ask, its not for you to know.... if you know, all you must do is ask
Tea Drinkers: Use tea bags on the eyes and drink plenty of fluids and water. This reduces the retention and puffiness around the eyes.
Follow these great Denver peeps: , , ,
So #inspired today! Embrace the good people in your life. bout to rock #Mesa #Bootcamp & hit chest/tris/abs! #fitness Be kind to each other
omg #IKEA opens tomorrow think i'll wait a couple months!
#EricClapton's "River of Tears" makes me cry every time!
So pleased to hear you've made a real and lasting connection!
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 5
I wouldn't mess with me right now.
Sometimes you see a woman wearing heels so high and inappropriate 4 early morning commute it makes you feel like you're about 2 fall down.
u right :D
NEW SEASONAL FLAVORS TODAY!! Berry Cobbler a La Mode & Boston Cream!!
I love this Clipper comeback but Clip fans need to calm down. Stop targeting tweets at Laker fans.
: #ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend who doesn't have a girlfriend
Come on , need a big win tonight in SD.
*moves you over* ..lays down...(starts askin questions) lol
Italian postal service, you are bumming me out. You lose more packages than any other country in the world. WHAT UP?
#chriscauley Do the right thing...the logical thing...press your button...ALL OF YOU:)!
Please do because that would mean you'd have to come over to get it...
Several weeks ago, 1 of my wndrful librarian RSS feeds gave listed sites that create better charts than .xls Anyone remember that link?
u lil bitch! Where's mine at cuh?
Ready to jumpstart your #workouts and save? Learn about our special offer on the TQ5 Hybrid Home Gym Today!
gosh!! you have to do lots don't cha'?
still no word! :(
#tonight martini/app combos! 2 marts/1 app = $22, or 4 marts/2 apps = $40. We'd love to have you over. Let us know what you think!
Stephen Oelrich sees six digits in Q1 fundraising...$100,305 for the quarter.
oh. Someone i follow follows u and retweeted wat u said and i found it in ma home page (long story short)
How do i tell him i like him?
I need y'all in my life!!! I'm getting depressed seeing all these pics!!!
Tell Ken Anderson to follow me please i am a fan of him for 6 years
Would you like to get in touch with my coworker about it?
never knew making your 9th grade schedule for next year could stress you out so much /:
thanks for listening!
today my mom said she is my best friend, great not only do I have a godawful mother, my best friend is a total bitch
#AskAlexAnything Will you follow me?
"Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible." - St. Francis of Assisi
Maybe if i could stop thinking about how good things used to be, I might be able to have the strength to leave..--
Masters in Info Science with a concentration in Health Info Tech, Info Session TONIGHT @ 6:30 pm. Tuition discounts! RSVP:
Thanks! Tell your friends!
oh ok that's cool
Thanks so much! We can't wait
What a day
Travel broadens the mind...
would be interesting also
Okay who do you think will end up as Marilyn on ? I'm hoping for Ivy. No spoilers from the East!
my best friend asked me to marry him...yeah, he put a ring on it :)
Lyle killed it on JRIB Friday!! And nice of him to mix in some sleeves.
There's nothing I've looked forward to more today than watching the Frank Warren () Ted Talk on my lunch break.
Pacers training camp starts today!
Done with teaching for the night.
Oh bummer :-/ Stay safe!
Four Cs #2: CarefuI. A victory at any cost isn't really winning.
Do not know anything about you, but the family is blessed to have you. Great interview on FOX. We choose Justice and Life
The fastweather APP on my phone says the storm will likely END in a few hours, followed by HOT weather.
i don't even know you anymore.
Dang im tires, but i have to do my nails.
Cool! The blog is here: www.KatieKrueger.com/blog.
I never get tired of The Green Mile. One of Stephen King's best works!
lol...This is what happens when good actors get bored.
Heading into Sweat Hot Yoga to teach 9:30 Power Hour and noon Power Hour. Class theme: Conscious Choices
Ugh I want some mc donald
Lace the fuck up!
girslgames1 is converting like crazy....especially when you can get all 8 ads at once!
Just opened Twitter account, happy to make 1st tweet.
is there a website out there that hold sports analyst accountable on their opinions on draft day?
$5 Breakfast: Bagel Sandwich OR Breakfast Burrito, Fresh Fruit, and Coffee OR Juice! University and Exposition - Bonnie Brae. Come over!
Thanks for visiting Figaro's! Saw your check-in on and just wanted to make sure you enjoyed your pizza! How was it?
XD Thank You(: I get that alot :D
oh gawd that will take forever for me!!!
I just couldn't do it with their run defense and those last two stops. You can argue F to be sure!
How to Handle Little Liars - Wall Street Journal: Or they might give mixed signals, such as, "Get A's at all cost...
Didn't see him get out of the car in Tosa RT : with some good smiles and candy at the Shorewood 4th Parade.
If I am in NY I will cook for you!
A friend is looking for an apt. in NYC to swap for her 3-bed apt. in Copenhagen (Vesterbro).
not centipede though.....LOL
We did, he didn't respond
They're using a tech mentality. Fail fast. Iterate. It's all part of a bigger plan.
Im so blessed with my wife she takes care of my skin with all high end peels tht would cost thsds! u babe!
Can you hear me know?
Looking forward to the women's retreat this weekend!
Don't misunderstand me: this 1 question: Why is FOX offering me Sally Kohn? Is it for my benefit?...for their image? Not freaking out. Why?
Almost midnight!! Can't wait to see what 2012 brings! It better be a good year.. ; )
My Nutella is calling my name..
#librotraficante caravan has crossed into Alburquerque.
Confetti, Philly? Confetti? Really? I'm assuming that is a "thank you" for the refs!
I can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the New Year before America. Some superpower we turned out to be.
Wow tysons now has a combo mcdonals and citibank. Didn't expect that brand duo
hey :) sorry, I was taking a nap lol.
Thanks so much, Mike!!!
The movie Jack Squad was released today, ran to the stores to take pics and in every blockbuster the movie was rented out! Good Sign
RT: BREAKING: Tim Tebow currently in locker room watching a Bergman film, smoking Gauloises, contemplating "God's awful silence"
If Eurpoe uses euros shouldn't Africa use Afros?
good afternoon!! lol
gonna get all cutsie for work so the boys wanna do me
Never realized how easily Stairway to Heaven translates to Flamenco.
Yes lucky sob can't wait to see it
umm, hello Brian! ;)
*hugs u tighter*
were the fuck are you ?
benefits of exceptional customer experience are clear: 400% higher conv, 41% lower cart abandon, 17% more recos
that's whats up bro. so life's good? how's your daughter doing?
Holy Cow!! Do you like the pedal steel on the Carrie Under and Jason Aldean tunes?? The same amazing man just laid it down on our tunes!!!
Missed our first Info Session? Don't fret! #UBAKPsi will be having their 2nd Info Session tonight at 7pm in Jacobs 122!
quote of the day: "Colorado River mud is clear too"
I was driving and ran over a Humongous SNAKE....
it was so freakin real! i thought it was actually happening!
yes they are!!
I'm in the dmv what you know about that
Now A member of #PRSSA chapter to later become a #PRSA member.
from what??
Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. found dead at NY home.
Happy New Year! Back to work.
"You cannot succeed unless you Attempt to Fail!"
Must be a strong wine :-)
Argh, too much good stuff at #ASJA ! missing online markets w to hear food/nutrition editors including
Booked an acoustic show May 30th. Radness.
I hope summer comes soon cause if it don't I might just go crazy :/
I hate driving long distances it is so boring
3. to be appreciated for what they do for you, just a simple thank you will do
Thanks For The Follow Back :D You're Amazing (:
Gettin ready to head out to hartford for warped tour with Beware of Pedestrians!!
luckily all we needed was one vote
Hm, how do I tell a fake black widow spider from a real one? Is it something about the web?
FYI: USUALLY never a good idea 2 RE-bite ur lip in EXACT same spot again. Blood running down my NECK! hant fel mu lippths, fel wooz...*WUMP*
my tweetpic didnt post last night... weird. anyways, have fun at the
I am working hard to get all my work done so that I may enjoy the weekend with my family! Good Luck me!
So over the Paranormal Activity movies, They are kind of scary but not really. They are boring as hell.
Sweet. Blecko will help #journalists do advanced searches, get authorized sources.
I thought CeCe was about to start the pentecostal version of "Yes!" They would have had to carry a few folks out ....
anyone else having issues with the posts from the page they admin on FB not showing in the feed?
Waffles rule, pancakes drool. For reals.
Yes! I love Shooter's scripting on these issues.
aww thank you!
Ugh! Still haven't gotten mileys album. Cant you take a hint mom?
Yeah, that's dumb. What's the matter with people?
can't wait to watch you guys!
Haha! Well done, Kurt! If it makes you feel any better, misspelled my name in the story budgeting system for a year
it looks like it will be an exciting movie!
Just spotted 1979 Pat Smear on the train. Dude looked really pissed off about something.
Better than the entire Spice Girls album that played at the Sushi restaurant I was at last week....
#yay so happy is moving to Miami yay I might see him!:) :)
I always get a little sad at the end of a sandwich.
ok that will be worth $500. Fair?
#cil11 Lost my wifi connection. Any tips for track B?
We try to get all our future Metro naturalists on the cover of GreenScene at some point.
Keep working #Bulls!
Radar trends/info would suggest bulk rain showers, perhaps a t-shower hitting north of Milwaukee metro after 8pm or so. MKE could stay dry.
BITTERSWEET SYMPHONY FTW
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 31
not sure babes
I need a nap... But its too late for one now
stop letting your mind wander
I've heard great things about Onyx!
Once a Mahomie always a Mahomie!!!
It'd be so much easier if people just stop assuming I can guess what they want from me.
AMAZING MUSIC=#FlightsToAtlanta=MIND BLOWN #swag Im just sayin you could do better<21
#whatsyourburger the Vortex in Atlanta has the Bypass burger - WOW! 12/lb beef, 4 pieces of bacon 4 pieces of cheese and a fried egg on it
I love it! So weird & cool. Blooms every year for me. What a good little orchid.
www.theouterspacemen.com We just finished up 5 more pages to the sequel. If you have not read the first book go get it now. A must read
that's the spirit! thanks so much :)
you won't make a shout out on tv stating that I'll be on the radio with you next Saturday! We will be a killer duo no doubt.
I'm really dreading my walk home in the cold rain today. Not cool, universe.
Just turned on the Spurs Lakers game. Clinic being put on by the Spurs for sure.
at "The World's Most Famous Arena"!!!
oh iight cool I'll keep in touch man
RT - Can I be a hoe ass nigga for a minute? Okay before yesterday I thought Troy Davis was a defensive back for the Mia...
ohh did ya find it on YouTube??
Who won't #Obama play #golf with? USSportspages.com
Thanks a lot for the #FF mention!
Happy Birthday to playwright, William Shakespeare! Which of Shakespeare's works do you most enjoy?
Heading to woodruff in ypsilanti for the Juliets' cd release party. Its gonna be a bash! See you there!
good luck on the video blog
I appreciate the kind RTs . Y'all are good people. :)
DROP DEAD DIVA TONIGHT ON THE BIG COW SCREEN! Come meet some of the Crew! It will be a glorious time! Giddy Up!
Never burn trash in your fireplace or wood stove; it leads to dangerous creosote buildup
all of these rainy days <<<<
Ops. Meant Smith.
Gurrrrl! U Have really outdone yourself this time. Can't wait.
just listened to #TurnToYou and it was so beautiful! Loved it so much. is so lucky to have u as a son
Do you think the FG Kicker for the Baltimore Ravens that Missed the FG at the end of "AFC Championship Game" be replaced?
haven't touched my Omegashirt since... you know. We reppin' in Europe?!
Looking for recommendations. Great music documentaries? My favorite remains "We Jam Econo." Others????
Wayne Cottam is the vice dean of ATSU's new dental program in Missouri.
How does Rudy gay not touch the ball once in the last 5 possessions
I wrap the toilet bowl in plastic wrap. 3hrs later while droppin a deuce I remember what I done.
hiya ! i have a question for you guys! how did you guys find me on twitter? (not like is bad or anything) :)
me too it actually looked like he crushed it off the bat
Track Season is over.
Hey your Gala is May 17th? What are the details? It sounds exciting!
You don't want to go to Easter, but its already passed. Wtf lol
OUT OF SCHOOL!!!!GOT OUT EARLY!!!!!!!SPRING BREAK!!!!!
: Thanks for spreading the word about !
love day to be spinning out here, miss you budz!
Coach Kobe is trending. Plz be a good thing
Thanks!! Cas is back tonight!
He hasn't committed (yet) to #HPBNC! RT Digital billboard by DFW Airport: "Ready for Rickie?" (PGA swing here soon)
I love just about every James Cagney movie & 1961 Billy Wilder film "One, Two, Three" is no exception. Funny cold war humor & smart dialogue
Can't say I didn't see that coming
Thanks for following & RTing!
It all boils down to something. Gotta figure out what that something is.
Yeah, I'm never going to be one of those people who pays $289.99 for a concert ticket. Sorry! lol
Thank you for the RT!
thanks for the heads up... they don't :(
My weekend begins now!! 
oh and bob told us you were allergic to nj - hope that isn't the case :)
TGIF!!!! I'm looking forward to a long weekend! What are everyone's plans this weekend?
Using library or other computers? BACK THOSE PRECIOUS PAPERS UP! (sorry for the shouting).
Diaconate weekend at for me. & I are both traveling, so lots of catching up to do on Sunday.
just saw a sun drop commercial..
I wouldn't stop supporting #ows but we need a goal dispite possible divisions
my first day of summer break and I am driving to muncie. I feel like I am doing this wrong
Thanks to this work out plan, soon my ass is going to be higher than
yeaa! Cant wait to meet you!
Anyone have a wheelchair or better still anyone wanna wheel me around? #Killer leg workout. Who needs 2 b able 2 walk anyway!
Oh what to do with myself right now, i don't even know
Just saw Ald. Bridget Maniaci throw a glass across Carroll St. Shattered.
Words of Wine Wisdom: "If food is the body of good living, wine is its soul." ~ Clifton Fadiman
People should kiss EVERYDAY! = ) Happy National Kiss Day
On my way to Philly for an audition. Lord, give me some inspiration pleeeeeeeeaaaaase.
Real change comes from having a relationship with Jesus. Everything else is counterfeit.
In need of some plans tonight? Grab some 1/2 off drinks all night at 4th St Patio!
OK #bestactress poll: Glenn Close, Viola Davis, Rooney Mara, Meryl Streep or Michelle Williams?
Excellent! Good to see Mortal Storm especially breaking surface. Too many people only know the movie, if that.
I use my new (vintage) Chemex every morning. Thanks to and , I got a MAD deal on that puppy
Tell us what you think will happen tonight in Game 2.
you're going now?
dem nappy headed hoessssss.
Water water everywhere, but none that I'd like to drink...
Thriving means reveling in our imperfections, makes us more relatable and endearing
#imightbelesbian...first PGA golf, now football! At least I drink ketel and not #budlite!!
Hurt and lost
Join for free today post highlight tapes and photos recruithighschool.com
When the best you have to offer is riddled with imperfection you have an opportunity to improve. Be better than the best you you know!
I am not a member but have considered it. How has the affiliation been instrumental to you?
Another class and I'm done ^.^
Enjoying the #AustinSymphony tonight... What r u doing?
You kill someone u needa die God
I wonder what award I'm getting! :O
I need to be on all 500 shows fam!!!
3 More days left to get your orders in to make sure you receive your products before Christmas.
is 9840 minutes from the start of SoCap08!
Happy 4th to everybody be safe out there today
Set sail for the eastern caribbean at 4pm from Baltimore. Gonna be a fun 9 days.
Dylan told me that he doesn't know when kickin it is airing on israel but keep looking 4 updates on the channel Ok 
can y'all not mention me in this gay shit
Sorry you missed it! We would love to have been able to go too.
heading off for a hot (literally) bikram date with my favorite newlywed. here's hoping the transition back into it goes smoothly.
thanks for following me!:))
Pop a molly, smoke a blunt, that means im a high roller.
Hello, lovely people. :)
RT: Dear Apple, I really hope new iMacs are MacBook Air inspired.. yet still powerful then ever!
hope all the soldiers come home safe and thank your for serving out country!!
will do! many thanks!
Followed new tweeps, FBs always appreciated. If you are Red Sox fan, qoute, tweet truth, news,or just real from the heart follow I may FB
that would be the only fake twitter acct worth following
Can't find nothin to do guess I get high sum mo if I can't do nothin I can do that
I feel like the artist we have in milwaukee now can get us some labels to come take a look. But we need to go hard abd not be a miltown star
Raining. Planning lunch options. My one free lunch for next 2 weeks . . . Hm.
Happy Leap Day! How are you celebrating at your college?
Hahahaha I BOMBED the math section on my PSAT
By the time the Kings are finished creating cap space, we're going to be able to offer 5yrs, $2 trillion dollars to somebody.
I'm crying right now
what does nf mean?
yo thank for all the help today. Ima text u so lock me in.
Happy First Monday of 2012! Any fun #resolutions?
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x7
alas, no encore until next year
Thinking about snacking
if anyone knows of a meeting space avalable to a #nonprofit for free that is open around 8 AM in #roc, let me know pls (tall order, right?)
Wait, wait. I misspoke. My family HAS been to Orlando.
Watchn scary movie! !
I'm by them - come say hi!
How can you be sure? Did it taste like human poop?
Dallas just got one and I have been dying to try it!
IN THE KITCHEN COOKIN NEW PIECES FROM IN THE WORKS!!! MIXER JULY 10, 2011 7P
  Focus your energy on what blesses you, not what has broken you. #Godfidence
husband is out teaching son to drive. I'm a nervous mom, but I think he will be a good driver once he learns.
we share NOTHING
id old school..on that Dewayne Wayne & Ron shit
I am seriously contemplating getting that half-off Amz Prime membership now. I read a lot, and library K-offerings have long waiting lists..
I'm falling asleep in the car!
Thanks so much!!
I just dyed my stepfather's essentially bald head a snappy shade of auburn, while touching up my roots, too. What narcissistic bonding time.
Wasn't it who said she was going really only for the pretties?
House Music on Wednesday Night = Haven Lounge with Kristian Caro & Adam Foster
short notice, but i see tickets are still available for the thinking about going... someone talk me into/out of it
how muchdo you want to bet Josh McDaniels picks ANOTHER quarterback in the 2nd round when Claussen is still up for grabs? ugg broncos drama!
Im posted wit my bitches dey like how u do it? dese niggas be on my dick.. i be fuqn coolin..! (LIL G <3)
Thank you Teachers for coming! ItsAWrapTruck is serving great food. Gonna be a fun night.
Oh Boy!!! RT Tickets for #IB5 on 3/4/10 will go on sale Feb 1st - watch this space for more details :-)
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
Good morning early birds! We're on the set of "Good Day Oregon" We'll be hanging out with around 6:40am. :)
We live for the music 
you'll be missed.
don't worry about it if u wanna spell wrong then spell wrong lol
ha. yeah, no. lol I'm betting he goes to Miami.
You can play yo heart out, everyone dnt get a ring tho...
remind her that she was drunk & you're the designated adult. Shut that noise down. And don't sit for her again, if it's like that.
#6: choose the best solution based on your current and future requirements. Numerous #CRM solutions for functionality. cc'
I just got hung-up on by a Delta Airlines representative during a chat! I didn't even get a chance to print the info given. How rude!
Omg. My mom is going to compete in the Irish club's version of Dancing w the Stars. amazing on so many levels.
Mentioned "clubbing" in a tweet, gain 7 followers promoting different bars and parties. ...Oh-kay.
Ok... I'll RT yours and also ask her... :-D
you are not wrong.
Leave office at 8pm, spend night working issues with users. Seems to be the reg Friday night fun.
I hate listening to people tell me what to do
Just remembered that my biological grandma (mama's real mom) died fifteen years ago today. I was almost 4, so I don't remember her.
if he waited to make babies with his wife, they would have the same house.
save the laces 4 last. they put up a good fight while yer shaking the life outta the shoe.
UCSD alert system, why must you call me at the strangest hours with the creepiest male automated voice??
Like Wise..Enjoy!!
you only like them for them looks and btw the "carrots" thing is so last year hun.
Honestly don't think I'll cry at graduation. If I do it's cause I'm out that bitch!
the stock hit the 1,80's 3 times, 1.90's once. Hitting my above short term target 4 times.
Cookin all day..I need to clear my mind of this
well that's good tell em I asked about em
All i did was wave at John Kerry. Honestly.
I can't wait to see it! :) it's going to be so cute!
: maybe I should start doing that of course you should! Must be a student of the game!
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama He's not a Republican or a former Republican president!
It occurs to me that with over 50 space tweeps attending & touring the CTV, none actually *used* the on-board potty. Good Job!
Ashley Rickards on American Horror Story :)
Anyone out there using Intuit for their website/hosting? Let me know how you like it!
You remind me of my chinese friend, Ug Lee ...RT If You get it.
I get on at Lee Hwy & Highland St. Saw the other buses pass at Veitch, around 8:20. Thx
" Why are you holding hands? I forbid you to hold hands!"- Raj
I heard you speak when had you address the REC team in DC. Great presentation! Looking forward to working with you.
thanks for the shout out:)
John Marinatto has resigned as Big East commissioner, sources tell CBSSportscom's Brett McMurphy.
Ugh....finding repetition to be soo boring lately. Where's the excitement at????
Legal Tip for the Day: Bankruptcy does not discharge all debt. You are still responsible for child support, alimony, taxes, student loans..
really what did he say????
let it be <3
sup let's work
Thank you, Antonio! And thank you for your prayers...
Lessons to learn from #NickiMinaj's Twitter Break: Life still exists outside of Twitter, Always Expect the Unexpected & Nicki will be fine
I always wonder when these republicans say they want to return to the days of our founding fathers. Like seriously,do we huh
New York, NY: Business Opportunity Expo | Marriott Marquee
Sitting in a room by yourself after a scary movie is not a very good idea...
Ok, in the last twenty minutes, i have been called gay and a nigger. By strangers. Weird. I'll keep track. More to come i think.
Did you see him review the 3 pt'r with CJ? He's happy for his teammates.
where'd you sit at? :p
RT - Jaguars make Jacksonville look real tyed! Tighten the fuck up.
thanks so much! :). it was easy to feel great wearing #houseofcach ! hope to see you soon!
on a webinar re social media strategy. Presenter just realized this year that he couldn't ignore it anymore. Boy, gonna learn a lot here.
get some horrible cough sweets? See if they help? Have fun on your dig!x
I'm good, how's Atlanta treating you so far?
Wait how do you know? Miss NMSU! haha
birdy bird I can't wait to see your new badass car.
Living In The Shadow Chapter 9 - car seats baby with animals
smoke more weeden
Oh, s, April 13, 7pm, Brava Theater. coming to the Mission. Taco USA. Book reading & signing.
Sick af & don't feel like dressing up today so I'm wearing sweats . Fck it.
I <3 videos im just like laughing my ass off so loud while everyone else is sleeping at my house
Haha y'all failed.
No Lincoln audition for this guy, a 10 yr old girl can grow a beard better than me! So sad, thank you genes...
I'll email you
lmaooooooo! Ya nutter. What time you work till?
So we have one order for a Smoked Turkey being shipped to Washinton DC, any other people wanting pricing on a smoked turkey for christmas?
I know your busy but lemme know when I can kidnap you for coffee, these kinds of things make great posts
text me
The Collection really hopes to meet in person over Xmas break!
Baby baby baby baby
Happy Friday & kick-off to #StPattysDay Weekend
I'd rather be living there if I was you... But yeah it's good
The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large
Mark, how did you get your mom down there? You are going to make her miss CBS Sunday Morning!
#LaSwagga needs an investor for a tour after the tour we leave for in May. All #investors receive 150% back of what they invest. LetsGo!
Is alligator always chewy? I tried it over the weekend and wasn't impressed :/
I didn't feel really at home until year 4 (5th this year). I'm considering why that is, not sure yet.
One more thing you will find the youtube video on his profile page. You will have to scroll down a little to find it. It is worth it.
lyyyyyke oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa yeah yeah~
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. ~ Frank A. Clark
Looking forward to your tweets. I've been reading your blog via Dr.
18 days left until the Farmers Market opens! What are you looking forward to the most?
#AAS3rdcentury Because historians don't, by and large, care about specific texts & textual diffs?
"Train Wreck" debuts on the today in Canada! Also a really fun interview with Paul McGuire!!
Apparently Las Vegans can't go outside because of the haze? I left my SARS mask at home :(
Bieber or Hilary Swank doing a scene for Million Dollar Baby 2?
Hey , canceling my friend's flight from SAN to BOS tonight WITHOUT TELLING HIM is not OK.
Anyone else noting that when Royals lose, SKC wins. When Royals win, SKC loses. ??
I need to get my followers up....
Twitter is blowing up with this Obama announcement!
which policy positions would you recommend young ppl talk about to support your candidacy, even if we don't live in WI?...
So we will have some news soon regarding everything going on with us. So bear with us while we figure all this shit out.
Thank ya for the rt :)
Badger game today! Wouldnt some tacos make the game that much better?
Why is TNT advertising a show that on at the same time on a different network
Extended hours continue through 5/18 and don't forget our 24 hr space!
West Africa & Indonesia are the primary growing regions of robusta beans (coffee) beans.
Hey - have a local contact you can put me in touch with?
Woot! Looking forward to this #weekend & yes, to #MONDAY as well!
thank you my love...glad you enjoyed it!
I need a tub of ice cream to drown my sorrows.
thanks for the follow and keep adding value every day.
kesha is a bitch too!! Dumb hoes lol Im mad yo !! She is trying to hard to be liked!! All them hoes are fake !! Shawnee too lol
Didn't they used to perform the nominations for Best Original Song?
I agree with you about Obama. I voted for him too last time and I will do it again. He's also from my hometown. :)
But always remember this: Jobs was the head of the world's richest company two months before he died. His money couldn't save him.
Fixing to head into this meeting. Getting prepared for the week.
what are you doing up?
Life wouldn't be life without hard decisions.
Baby blue eyes, your head on my shoulder.
Ust had a great nap!! :D
I am currently busy being at school. Learning to make flow charts in Engineering.
  If pussy printed out receipts a lot of females would be out of paper #ijs
damn u gotta fix that C Lowe haha 21 on 8/24 not a good look! Loll
I bet is probably thinking, 'i love when my wife shouts motivational phrases her old softball coach used to say.'
cool. Can't wait til cuts it up for the show
let me know what you're looking for and maybe I can help.
U can tell I'm from Jersey I eat my subs with chips :).
Happy candids highlight such natural beauty. Definitely an album worthy snapshot!
ugh, you and your made up language! xD
thank you
My favorite job searching site: www.simplyhired.com
: Theres no way is single. This just cant be. Lol. ahahahahahahah. Your off chasity.
I'm ready!! R U? Then March 8 it's MARNI for H&M- Tomorrow is the big day! #JasonWuforTarget cc: #Feb5"
soon Im working on my license
Just like every other girly girl out there on the internet, I want to feel special. ;)
8ball&mjg tonight where d f#%k u at
thanks for the follow !
*whew* And thanks for the reassurance. What are your plans? RT : It is never too early to start looking forward to the weekend.
Please! Make this twitter know i talk about famous persons, his/her style, personality, love... RT this RT RT ;)
Oh snap its fat Tuesday!
congratulations you've made me paranoid and itchy.... I hate you.
Looking forward to hearing and help clarify talent communities
just make sure you're feeding my baby! Take her outside to go potty!!
I need to tweet more. I hate when I just retweet . :S
My life is never dull. I'm actually living my dreams tho. I wish this for everyone. We're meant to live like this.......maybe
Well I'm proud of you puss! lmbo
If I can't read your tweets while I smoke, what am I supposed to do... think about cancer?
RT : RIP Adam Yauch (MCA of the Beastie Boys). He was a super-genius, a visionary and, most importantly, a really good person.
The company name is Quantum Herbal Products, the Adrenal Energy Formula
Thanks for the follow from !!
I wish every customer that came to the pharmacy was just like Betty White.
Is it possible to place an ad on your blog? Who do I email about that? Can't find info on the site. Thanks!
And we look forward to having you in our house! Thanks for supporting - #PorterSupporter (trying to coin that right up...).
Okay if you paying then that's all that matters. Haha
Hey you,! Yeah you. I order you to tweet me this instant !!!! ^.^
Eh, not sure if he's applicable--Duncs isn't known to be dirty, stupid and dirty as that move WAS.
keep those phone cameras ready for #pghmarathon #Jagoffs like #PeterParkers , cars that go the wrong way, people doing stupid stuff
well then I'll be seeing you!
I love hearing the words "I missed you" :)
I cannot wait to start school in April
Spending time with my sister & her sister:D >>>
I think w/ the money I spent at the buckle.. I could now own buckle stock.
June 2nd @ 3pm RT : when is ya graduation party ?
Don't judge me. I stole it fairly.
wahhhh, don't you hate it when you try so hard and it feels like its for nothing!
bring some stank with u RT : I might have to come by there when I get off work tomorrow
I'm in shape ... round's a shape, isn't it?'
Just watched that ep. WTF? Also, awesome.
<-witness of AARP couple making out
That would have been 15 rows back too.
The Great Spirit will listen, if you only speak
in the financial district? We have the BEST whole wheat pizza- light & crispy! come by for lunch today
I know I'm moving fast but it's my first pregnancy and I'm excited and scared. Mom Already purchased 25 outfits And more
I eat chickfila fries like everyday, except Sunday of course.
bike comes thursday!
hm this is true! I like the way I think Bonnie!! Hahah
Bartlett Regional Hospital has named Lawrence G. Leet director of pharmacy, effective May 14.
this bollywood send-up is embarrassing the pants off of me. Wow.
arugula salad, tomato, basil, feta, walnuts, and raspberry vinaigrette. Good bachelor dinner if I say so.
Looks like we're adopting an 8-yo Weimaraner *and* a 3-month old Terrier-Rotty mix this week!
i dont have comedic favorites
ladies, ladies! Let's keep this PG-13! ;)
Tonight I made a thing called Fajita Lentils
RT : #flatirons technological revolution everywhere except in kids' schools
watch the tour dates come out on monday because everything justin releases is always on a monday.
Weird to see pumping up Chris Paul one night, then jumping on the Rudy Gay bandwagon the next time out.
idk if im goin im sick :/
Ahh! I love House Hunters and guessing which house they picked haha
My husband has a Carter shirt when he was a #Flyers. In fact, I started liking Carter as a Flyer. It was easier for us to accept.
Who wants to DM right now ?? ;D
Ottawa is definitely a tough team and going to their home field is gonna be tough for you guys
:( my mom don't like dogs but we have one :)
Over used phrase of the AM "Paradigm change" enough already! Life is a constant "Paradigm change". Its about adjustments.
you get points for good husband/father today! Preggo massage is a must! Now just a nice dinner and perfect lol
tough loss :/
bro Send That Y.N.W.A to T Eazy so I can hop on last verse
had so much fun tonight. show was sick. thanks to all who came. see you soon.
": well that's just creepy!"-nothing of a sexual nature, i assure you.
#SexPlaylist J. Valentine, Chris Brown, & Pleasure P - Beat it Up !!
Watching 4 episodes of L&O:SVU on a school night?!
i wonna met in personal
I'm fairly certain the girl in the middle isn't wearing pants.
Flip Cup or Beer Pong?? Which is your fav?
RT Still laughing that the Blues denied for a media credential. The NHL is the best. DON'T COVER US!!! STAY AWAY!
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost. - Zig Ziglar
RT : #ToMyFutureHusband I promise I will love you no matter how angry or frustrated you make me :)
Exited to see tonight and check out her new digs!!
congrats, send me info so I can post to list.
Yeah.. I'm totes going home to take a nap after this hour.
At this moment, I am fueled by coffee and science!
love you!
The world needs dreamers & the world needs doers. But, above all, the world needs dreamers who do.
Quick tip for reporters covering the Mac virus outbreak: there's a difference between "hackers" and "viruses"--ugh, fine.
#Dwell this morning...purity! #prayerculture 10AM
given how well Gomez is playing and what Aoki can do...what role does nyjer have on this team?
blaring MJ all day in the lobby here too. guy who came to check the mini bar said how sad he was. also he loves the US.
Someone should come keep me company!
i f***ing missed the westminster kennel club again! time to mark my calendar for next year's :/
Desperate times and all that. #FreeGio RT : And here comes Harry's hail Mary. Gio in the game
and a bank that is "too big to fail"?
RT : RT : #UTSASHOWCASE Free Concert come out and support UTSA's up and coming artist
lmao oops I'm slow then will you come for the ride I need some bestfriend advice on something I told you earlier !!
#livegive yeah and peppermint as well i love peppermint ice cream this time of year i know off subject.lol
Hello Cheryl
i'm going after pictures
Good song.
after spending a solid ten minutes with spell-check, I can confirm that it's spelled "whittle."
If you have a tournament or league schedule you want added to our site, email it to staci (at) thebowlingframe.com.
": #1DCuteFact: In the "One Thing" video , Harry and Louis are wearing the same shoes."
one week from tomorrow i'll be swimming with dolphins #cantwait !!!!
ME! : I am proposing a #museumprofessional swap rather than a #houseswap - one month in Paris work for anyone?!? #aam2012
yeah I don't like fb I love twitter more than fb ! I told u why.......
Tried Larry & Luna's new peanut butter & chocolate: Meh. Weak on chocolate. Not peanutty enough.
Hey crazy bitch (;
Thanks my man appreciate it you guys are the best
Let your friends know that we're bringing it old school.
all summer?!
Look at my Tumblr :P
November to supts: you don't have the legal problems online you think you do
I'm grateful 4 friends. It's my fault for not planning a friend gathering. But standing in smoking patios w 2 ambiv gays pre-bday sucked.
The hair that your cat ingests can accumulate in his stomach and form hairballs. Brush and comb your cat regularly!
What's the latest on UTC reno time line? MT Do you know of when parts of UTC remod's will be completed?
Be the change you want to see in the world!
is live in Livonia with the latest on this morning's deadly crash. Tune into News10NBC at 5.
PS - please don't tweet about my mom -> she's a minister (I'm the son of a preacher(wo)man!) - would hate to make things weird! ;)
HA HA HA ha ha ha HA AH aha ahahahfaeh
Flying to CA at 6AM Sunday...and its daylight savings day...i foresee a day of fatigue.
It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters. Some hunters shoot anything that moves.
Wearing my margarita pants for a little bit
Let's go Rondo tied at half-time
Oh new ps3. Makes me want to cry.
Today is the first day of SUMMER CAMP at Positive Tomorrows!
#76ers are "a bunch of gazelles coming in here" said #BostonCeltics coach Doc Rivers before series.
Rainy days have nothing on me!! #rainboots make me
Webster Hall this Friday! more details to come.
bout time you guys give the pacers some love!
back to back docent tours plus cleaning the house early this am for bf's mom's visit equals a very tired me.
Also plz follow superdj . Had the place rocking yesterday. Playing ATCQ "Can I Kick It?" after each FG? Genius!!!
play pac-man on google.com today ...impressive javascript goings on here
i cant wait to be home tomorrow!!!:D
Moment of lightness in morning news: learning from on that Warren Buffett will sing in China's Spring Festival.
we make a good team, now don't we?! :)
SHIT! that last tweet was supposed to be
It don' matter if you black or white!! MJ
With the opening of Big G's pizza tomorrow, there will now be 2 places to get Mac & Cheese pizza on Clark St. Neither of which is Ian's.
Setting up at United for #Haiti! Free food and entertainment! Come meet reps from 20+ legal, medical, and service groups TOMORROW 12:30-3:30
send a "someone is spreading nasty rumors about u" DM, I UNFOLLOW. You're NOT getting "hacked", you're carelessly giving away your password.
you don't know you're beautiful!
cleaning my bed sheets because of what jellybean slipped on them! Lol (;
Crying. Feel like chundering. i want my tablets. i want sleep. i want to be able to look after myself independently.
The bees are in crisis. Do you fully grasp the implications for mankind? No one does. Read BUZZ, a contemporary novel, and enjoy.
The party is at Revolution Lounge tonight for Closet Sundays featuring DJ Chris Cox!
Great day today, successful quince it was lovely all pink and girly 
I asked the same thing the other day. Thanks Drake. Thanks for nothing.
we're playing today, too and using that same joke, but it's not as far of a stretch for you guys. We're playing at 3 pm. haha.
RT: Hard work pays off when you work hard for no pay off.
Thanks for the #follow!
Gotta love looking at the extended forecast and seeing a chance of storms every single day
:) back atcha! How is the new house?
Ben Bruce is sexy. Yes I would write that all over the white board. & idgaf
Come out May 5th to The Roper Theatre on Tcc Norfolk campus. Performing Live wit the homie Rob B. ..Be there
My friend's evil plan to get me watching #GreysAnatomy again didn't work. I'm not watching it again. Don't care about the characters anymore
AWESOME!! :) Still waiting for the snow to come. Did you have a good Xmas and NYs?
so did your phone make a full recovery or did you end up finding a replacement?
have u gone mad???: I want seasonal temps to return. #thereIsaidit #thishotweathersucks
I was trying to draw Brendon Urie as a cartoon to turning it into to Jacky but now it looks like James from Asking Alexandria.... :D haha
THINK LIKE A MAN took the TOP SPOT at the box office this weekend..taking in $33 million - Congrats Steve H.
Another great day at the shop! Gotta love Fridays
Mahalo to all of our followers! Mahalo to those of you who joined Island Connex! Support Polynesian small businesse! Join
Saw at tonight! Must say pretty funny!
i am surprised Bravo hasn't snapped you up. You need to pitch them some ideas - seriously
thx for the shout out. Funny thing, FactCheck is actually my middle name. Its Ukrainian. Means One who prances in tutu whilst drunk.
Big projects in the works! I am excited but exhausted...time to SLEEP.
: here's to the kids who are sluts.Me <3333333
Haha! You so silly!
ever since the concert in Indy, I've had "Drops of Jupiter" in my head nonstop!!!!
Where do you listen to the Voice of Diabetes with ANASTASIA? The radio, on our website, or iTunes?
I just cried.
Take that punk ass Grizzlies! Now for the Spurs to smash the Clippers! See ya Tuesday!
FYI - even tho I love zombie movies and genre, Zombie Honeymoon is so not worth the time.
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 99
My Catherine Cookson and I are getting along famously :P I'm very tempted to start a collection of my own
How was it?
Thanks for the lovely RT's!
Thx for joining us in 1 of our most beloved Xmas traditions! RT: WE-OR employees joyfully sorting 2000 gifts
#PDX's Ad Fed review of #SuperBowl commercials was great food for thought. 's #Chrysler spot is our vote for #1. Epic message.
A social network that FINALLY PAYS YOU BACK! This new network is Peoplestring 'Where You Own the Web'. It's 100% free! www.bazsite.com
Hello tweeters on this BEAUTIFULL lovely warm sunday ...newarks looking pretty today :) whats everyone upto today ...Harley & katie :) xx
you crack me up. "it's about the site, not me."
Forever running up and down from my cousins house, and now with
It was very sad b/c nobody showed up! It was a housing program organized by Hal V who is a faculty in res. Tough time of year.
my brother installs gps and stuff for a living, I'll check with him.
I'm now part of the iPad club, I need some app suggestions, I did find #Gungor #ghostsupontheearth on ebook, get it
Couldn't be summer for just a few days, and already I had to read an article warning of ticks and Lyme disease.
All the 'cool' kids were doing it! :D
What a day.....What a day.....Great news....Bears win. Tomorrow will be even better. Night y'all
I don't wanna work.... At least I'll be at Dave and Busters later tonight for the weeklies! Hopefully stream hiccups will be gone this time
'sheryl sandberg and mark zuckerberg having lunch at four season's #boston to promote their stock offerings' -how does my dad know this?
#FF before his new project becomes an HBO hit. Then you can brag about how you knew him when he was only a best selling author.
have a great night!
hey thanks! Could you please spread the word??
very true!!
: If it was easy, everyone would be doin it.<---so true!
Going out 4 sushi soon
tourist dad: 'they're taking their land back from the corporations!' close enough!
Good chance of showers today. -- Bathroom Forecast.
And 3) The series ended on cliffhanger!! What a fucking waste of time. (This is what happens when I stumble upon random reruns)
mirrors, signal, headshots, move.
Definitely post that one!!
it's definitely a great way for people to get a feel for the clothing!
pain in the ass :p
Simone Browne and Allison Clarke, great discussion of structure and unstructure of digital realm, hashtags for activism & hate.
yo I get it your angry but am sorry I know what I did was bad but I was just trying your patience. Your actually cool & am sorry
haha ! I've entered the rivers contest a billion times ! They Have a private 1D concert !! If one of us wins, we go together!!
Well I got Schmorl's nodes
Basant Montaser, Egyptian woman: "Women are 40% of Egypt's pop, but form only 2% of parliament."
great idea.
Check out our newly holiday-decorated store @ this Friday's Night of Worship & get some early shopping done w/ fantastic Christmas SALES!
Enjoying the snow day, even if we have to shovel. The best part, the GS cookies to keep us going...
I missed you
that's right girl!
Were all those things he told me were lies ?
Equality, is something I go hard for...
Just woke up from a dream where I was being sprayed from a water hose by a monkey wearing a 1950's style wig. Jung help me out here.
I hate when people lie about the stupidest things!!!
much respect for including some stellar indie rappers ( ) in the lasted Public Enemy video
you and me both Chalupa. Shit ain't right.
Can't wait
Good Morning Early Birds!!! Grindtime Baybee!!! Yeah Buddy
no way bro! He doesnt make a crappy movie..
you rock. Thanks :)
haha, you are so silly!!! Lol
would now be the wrong time to say we should get together someday?
Not getting sick, not getting sick, not getting sick
I Am . You don't know how I felt about her man ! Omg I can't take it no more !!!! >:'|
Only 100 more followers until I share who my first concert was... It's still really funny!
"Culture eats strategy for breakfast" Peter Drucker
Jury duty :-\
Choe's Facebook payout proves truancy and parole officers everywhere wrong. Graffiti does pay.
Watching the lakers game
Thank you!
#RiosAbril Somebody check the judges 4 gifted wrapped bottles of Jose.
On the Lighter Side: Brown steps into kangaroo shoe-do
I'm Ron fucking Swanson
Bummer. Get well soon!
Boring History movies..
Great time at
Sick with a cold tonight. :-(
What happend to your steelers my brotha, oh thats right they got TEBOWED, great game though thought Pitt was gonna pull it off
I can't see the little icons you put at the beginning and end. And that sounds really wrong....
 u so much
I think Madison police dept should report whenever a business with a "no guns allowed" sign is robbed. Public deserves to know if it works.
it was delicious! and dinner/drinks with a show! lol
#Ashton Kutcher taking #Charlie Sheen's place?? Hm.
gettin set 4 some crazy ass partyin in tally for game, Go Noles
nah just ppl fuckin me over again
SOBER MOMENT: How did Aaron BarRAZA get 6 endorsements ALREADY? Sheriff's, Police, Border Patrol, Tejano, CLEAT
Use the code "LABORDAY" to get 40% off your order until Monday night!!
diggin this fog.
Thx! MT #Follow for live tweets from DC today. Also, follow
You may need more than that RT : Watching "The Interrupters" Its about the crime in the ghetto of Chicago. I need subtitles lmao
I MISS YOU!!!
RT Honda sued by irate driver over Civic Hybrid's failure to deliver 50mpg < - - 50MPG?? Well, it was in print; must be true...
*TRAFFIC* NB I-83 @ W Cold Spring La, North Balto; Auto accident. NB I-83 is CLOSED.
Kara's still one of the prettiest girls in school !
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday to you. Have a great weekend!
Remember to always keep household cleaning products and medication where children are unable to reach them!
sorry Blake - disagree this time
Going to the NFL experience tomorrow morning
Have actually been practicing more consistently at home on the piano, but work/other stuff intervened the last two weeks.
Robert Pinsky giving keynote at #WFUD2012: "As to fair use, nobody knows what it means. It's an ambiguous evolving and devolving concept."
You know, I'll tell you a secret - it isn't really difficult to understand the budget. Politicians kind of try to make it difficult. [1943]
When you wait chipotle looks and tastes better
#aye seems like the only time I get on #twitter is when I'm bored....but I can't lie #ihate the #upgrade #twitter....smh it get on my nerves
You are giving away monkeys? How did I miss this?
I was thinking about doing that tonight.
The Orioles held the Yankees to two runs or fewer for three consecutive games in the Bronx for the first time since 1978
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, ZACK RYDER!! :D :D
50/50 tonight at the East End Fest. Beautiful night for it. Sunday 50/50 is at the Pelican!!!! Afternoon show!!
do you have your hospital socks on upside down? ;)
RT You know someone means a lot to you when their mood can easily affect yours... :)
We are acting on this immediately asking drivers and mechanics to look for the ad and remove it.
Son Como Son tonight, and Tribute Trio on Saturday night! It's going to be a GREAT WEEKEND in ABQ Under the Stars!
Who do you want to win today???
I. Love. Vegan. Waffles.
Google Penguin Update: Don't Forget About Duplicate Content - WebProNews
I am not sure I agree with you on this. With worldwide gross at 38mil it seems they will not make back their mktg budget.
Wonder if #Idaho politicians knew if the fetus they wanted to save is gay, would they still fight for its rights?
40+ for FNM Tonight! Come on down next week to join the fun!
Anyone have any good Halloween drinks? Need some cocktails to go along with the Old Style we'll be serving at our Halloween party.
Good luck!! : About to dress up as Poirot and pretend to solve murders on the subway. Wish me luck.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who is so freaking annoying but you have to love them...-_-
LA traffic sucks
Whoa, the new upload interface is pretty snazzy.
So you should have been arrested for rape! : .'s birthday is Monday. 47 years ago I was with her on her 16th
No excuse not to vote today! Nat'l Wx Svc just issued Spcl Wx Stmnt HOT WX across SO CAL! 80's Coast/90's Inland - High Surf/High Winds.
Gotta love those memories that when you think of them you cant help but smile :)
RIP Casey Blake's awesome beard.
just a little bit... ;)
deleting old emails. even gmail box is filling up. yikes.
cuz it juss is maybe it is maybe its not but i perfer to fight rather than have erthing i want it creates a bonding method 2
um u fucking herd me \
I loved your performance, even though GMA cut it. I stayed up just so I wouldn't miss it. Please follow me!!
RT R.I.P. WINSTON
and #rubensalazar greatly appreciate the support!
This is embarrassing.
#1111 Just because of the number you'll get the 10 ;D no jk. I like ur name :)
Caps are going to round two of the Stanley Cup Playoffs. Woohooo!!!!!
Olde wobbly at the controls
Great win. Unreal gets the winner. More than an honor to play Glocks. Will be successful no matter what.
my family
Has Jersey ever changed its license plate color from that piss stain yellow?
ighhht! Do you have my number?
I need to get into bed. Enough of this shit.
enjoying with Marsha
For shits and giggles? Seriously? I don't remember the last time I tried getting someone to shit and giggle!
Flight for ALA reserved.
why do i feel like i already ruined everything
You got 2 know when to hold em, know when 2 fold em, know when 2 walk away, know when to RUN.
just don't step on any needles, ok? crystal city marriott is like the jersey shore circa 1984
monte cox facebook, clik on computer, click like b utton just need a couple more thanks have a blessed day
looking for a laptop
hahahahah! you wish!
im w/okc
you gotta come to our road show April 4th!!
Can I put u on lay-a-way?
Put your beds back rumpus time is over
We're biased, but can anybody else help? RT : Does anyone have experience with or know someone who enjoyed it?
"A novel is never anything, but a philosophy put into images." Jim Rohn
why are you tweeting stories from June 2011?
I will later haha
Home for the holidays! Enjoy it, dude!
I know it was stupid, but I need to know... do you forgive me?
Officially has a flight to #DC! It's been too long since I've seen that lovely city.
- "8 Years since Mama Died" is beautifully written! Loved the whole thing! Thank you for sharing.
Saw Donald Trump while performing tonight!
me too girl
U.S. Stocks accelerated their losses in the final minutes of trading to finish near lows Wednesday, pressured by lackluster #tech earnings.
You guys tore it up..
What a beautiful night it is in Washington, DC. The CBCF conference is always a good look and one of the best conferences we attend yearly.
Tempted to take a cooking class. Wondering if Andy would come too.
back at you!
BevMo is a solid bet but it's also on tap at CityWalk.
note that really got to me. He is a special young man and I'm glad he's my brother.
I used to be a huge TV fan, but I'm not following many series that I love. Can anyone suggest one?
Spurs in 4, huh? DAMN
Can we come and take pictures? Sounds like a great event!
Thanks also for the tour. I love what you guys are doing & look fwd to getting further involved!
It's crazy how many GREAT people I know. It surprises me each and every day :)
Sounds like a great day for a Packers fan!
Our booth equipment and touchscreens just left for #aam10. We can't wait to see you in Los Angeles!
really? What's his name? Haha.
Police may have a lead on the killer of the 11 women whose bones were found on Albuquerque's West Mesa in 2009a box of a suspect's things.
": RT if you joined twitter not thinking you would get addicted, but you did."
/ hold up tim its called praying not tebowing!
Ugh im really get mad. Today went from bad to good to bad
I can do whatever you want. <3
or Nic from is stalking me..... RT : It measures sleep too? Whoa!
Too bad about IMAG GIRLS, but my bigger concern is still the long length of the BFYA list.
": Today my parents have been married for 25 years. Happy Anniversary mom and dad!" aww congrats to ur parents
Sometimes you need a little in your life to get back into the groove of things. Who's your favorite female Country singer?
That it 'tis. Hope you're well. Chris
I'll be at Barleys at some point Saturday
tomorrow is JUSTINBIEBER birthday so make baby
No, it was Economics class and we were focusing on Business Organization.
Computer modem is on the blink again. Need to call Verizon so that I can get the internet on my laptop...a real bummer.
gave a guy my sunglasses because I'm a nice freaking guy
Seriously? Well, we'll just have to fix that :)
lol what happened with boyfran and u? Did boyfran hug u? xD
Coming up only on 8 - a homeowner pulls out a gun to stop some burglary suspects. The details on at 11.
They cant stand me
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in health care, other places to drive adoption,
R u and Anna still on vacation this week? Woke up late and missed show today.
we're using your pic this morning on
Thursday night has become the new Saturday night. This is for sure. #NoFridayClass :)
love it
You have to try our Newest Pizza Creations - like our Sweet Sunshine Pizza! Check out our menu for details!
pick up The Caliph's House! It's a must read!!
on the side of ur bed
I Love How One Day I Can Be The Most Flexible Person In The World...Then Days Like This When I Can't Even Touch My Toes Without It Hurting
Happy Birthday to the best BBQ in town! #yum RT Quick's turns 48 years old this week!
Back to watching Scott Pilgrim
Jake from who???
I have messaged and was promised an email but haven't heard back :(
Good Morning Fans! Thanks for the follow backs! We are already open at #Coronado Center and #Cottonwood Mall! Visit us today!
Oh good. No worries RT: BREAKING: Sheriff says mountain lion, grizzly and monkey only remaining animals loose in #Zanesville, Ohio
you love your gaammma :)
#Kings!!! They're unbelievable. Loving this.
Harrington is a beast we need him Sunday hopefully the mask is comfortable
Huge headache hit me about half an hour ago. Hopefully the medicine I took will kick in soon. Ugh.
Likewise. I had to scramble at the end to get to MKE. Fun seeing you last night at dinner. We'll talk soon, I'm sure.
small home business ideas
shipping is included. Yes.
do you have a girlfriend? If so, are you a chivalrous kind of guy? If not, can I be your girlfriend?
What a great day!
wil lyou please make me very happy and follow me & !!! PLEASE DUDDE!
do they have common law marriage?
Google calendar sure is shaping up to be a life saver when things are getting a bit busy! Took me way too long to finally use it.
tonights the last episode... salty good season tho
That is great! It's amazing the people that this event attracts. It's always a very busy time for us... but we love it!
b b b bitches aint shit but hoezzzzz n tricks
oh, hi porn spammers. get on it!
so glad yo hear. How you doing? Was texting u only to realized your # change lol
Yep. After giving it up for Lent, it's like drinking the "nectar of the gods"...
a week?! SHATT !! lmao they've got good cases of liquor on deck. Hell that's the best grocery store fuck a jewel lol
my students are awesome! They're the ones who earned it. :-)
The contest is almost over!!!
How do you find out about events and shows? Word of mouth? A flyer? Let us know!
So lucky 2 have a Jane Austen book group. ... lots of copies in stock for our new Jane Austen book group! 10% off!
Oh. Good question. I'd really have no way of knowing.
Thanks for the RT buddy!
Privacy kills trust. Ie driving record, credit score, job history.
Skies the limit tonight...... Icon. ::happy birthday Carl::
Free or cheap iOS apps are changing the economics for blind people looking for useful tech, says
No offence basically mean "Im going to insult you, but dont get mad."
Great day just had Texas Roadhouse :)
Awe, Fisher. I'm so glad he had playing time on his first day. SO sweet.
At every school there's always that one teacher that everyone thinks is a pedo ..
:/ i mean he deserves to be famous. his talent is just amazing but i want him to myself. is that bad?
HELP ME GET FOLLOWERS :D
follow from Milwaukee going to hoop it up at La Jolla Prep this year before going D1
They know my name they feel like they know me but its a shame I feel like they owe me
Getting into balance.
The Orbea Opal rocks! Spent 2 hours on it this morning at Speedzone!
yes indeed!
gotta work
Follow up my bothers And
I've been having awesome workouts lately...
Service was beyond awesome! !
WunderMap Layers API is just days away from launch! Fire it up. What will you build?
If you get the wink... Lets just say your in the money.
You guys need to come to Miami tho like on the real...
Who you got in this one?
Thank you! :)
New car? Hm
#Mirkarimi gets one day in the clink...but he's still the
Teacher: why are you late? Student: because class started before I got here.
 "A discouraged believer is a most unnecessary thing" Bill Johnson
aww thanks for the shoutout..ill give you one too:D
Didnt see any ghosts. My candles must be working!
edc looks sick wish i was going
Michael B. Horn quote from APR20 webinar-All students learn, not on the same day and in their own way.
I hate choir class.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
I'm sure since your wife had the baby, she wasn't feeling it anyway. Why not work on your batting I say!
you cant die! We got shit to do this weekend
Ok. I don't like peacocks that much. Anymore.
#HoboWithAShotgun didn't hit me hard until later when I saw it a 2nd time. I didn't appreciate it fully the 1st time.
i love to leave an unusual coin - half dollar, betsy ross dollar, etc. and coin from another country.
Posted In opening a boutique
23 days left until we are out of school
While still at only 8% of all giving in the US, online giving has grown by double digits every year since 2009. Join us in making an impact!
Stop by Booth 1625 and say hello to fellow Free-Staters from Crowley. We're debuting the zeta scanner - very cool.
Awesome. Only 2 hours...
you're more than welcome! I'm so happy you all came!
#peopleIamthankfulfor You inspire me everyday to be a better person.Thanku 4 being such an amazing role model & friend :{)
: Long time no tweet for sure! Miss ya muchly! :)
I really hate seeing United all over this airport. Proof that I have indeed become a Houstonian.
So excited to see my Morgan 4 neighbor and alum Casey Hayward get drafted by the Packers. So cool.
Best del taco ever!
I don't think it's necessary to send a retweet for a person who's just cleaning his room... it's stupid, isn't.
follow me back please?
"Abbie is bending over the cradle, her face full of terror yet with an undercurrent of desperate triumph."- DESIRE UNDER THE ELMS (1924)
love this!
Getting ready to head out for Washington. Many details to prepare...we are very excited.
Chillin watchin the game between NY vs. Miami
Imagine if you had me out there.. we'd dominate. Go low tomorrow with the red shirt
Get your self together go give your brain a bath. go to church, start listening & get on the right path .
What you're now describing has nothing to do with you being an artist. It has to do with a shitty comm policy. Just unsub.
we might be tasting one of your beers! Can't wait to see what does for us.
doctors today say waist measurement may be more important then BMI, wonder about the implications for
VITA gets income tax results for families
follow mee please
I think you should follow me back? That would be amazing. (:
Heard protester who bit cop's finger thought it was a hot dog.
Maira is a dear friend of mine. I recently told her you two need to talk. Ping her. :-)
Absolutely worth it in Union City, CA. Fun crowd. Loved ! Planning to try the new Fremont theater for Prometheus, 6/8.
I do 5 sit ups every morning, it may not seem like much but damn I can only hit the snooze button so many times...
Do some David Allen Coe - You Never Even Called Me By My Name for your boys at
Is it time for lunch yet?
They usually do! ;)
. In case you haven't seen: Donaghy vs Swanson, w/ Dwight Schrute self-defense demo poster
We are going to Chavez to have the ceremony :I lol
did you go to Camarillo High? Class of '93?
Whoever raised 1K to send all employees red, blue, & green cupcakes all flavored boring vanilla is my new hero.
I cant wait to watch movies and eat food all night with
welcome back!
Haven't had to shit this bad since I drank a pint of iced coffee last semester.
All The Greats answered their most burning questions by focusing on their greatest fascination. What is your greatest natural fascination?
A big congrats and best to you! RT : Bring on graduation!
WhooooOooooooza.. Andy's snoring kept me up all effin night. Off to bed
Believed in ourselves when nobody else believed us
#COYS AND COME IN WEST BROM!!!
There's no religion that could save me.
LOL I was thinking the same thing! The GOP is gettin crazy with the propaganda.
My face has been numb since 230........ WTF
Did you know the president is super super super sexy?
Ol' BOOF ass Jergens | ": My booty feel like cocoa butter"
Today's Tom Sawyer's a mean, mean guy. Mark Twain is easier to type.
ues you can gbby so tell me ,
My mom is taking me to school today. :)
Plz I like Bobby D but his ? 's are combative. Whose side is he on? 1% or the rest of us!!!!!!
I need some good music in my life..
OMG. So foggy this morning #SanDiego! How is your #Friday going so far?
YAY!! omg you know a lot of your fans are fighting?? It's sad :'(
#NeverShouldYouEver call a girl fat.....
Thank you for the follow, looking forward to tweeting with you. have a great week
Lmao. Okay.  Shut up RT : Go back to sleep.  Goodmorning
Social media offers plenty of opportunity for your business because it is highly accessible and scalable to your market.
For Outstanding Male actor in a supporting role... CHRISTOPHER PLUMMER!!!
Whatever! Imagine all the stuff you can get done!
These Kentucky guys can't talk to save their lives Lol.
I am thinking a children's book, that image on every page, and the dialogue getting sadder and sadder throughout...
you forgot the "go live in a cave" part.
apols for not knowing street talk, can we have a translation please? LOL!
That bus runs a little early.. Be 5 minutes early to stop...
I told everyone including that Indiana would beat Miami
-_________- <---my face right now
enjoys the first afternoon Radio Freedonia on wtju.net
if u were any cuter i would tink u were one of my seven dirl friends
i made the mistake of sitting down at the computer before making coffee and then just got sucked in.
GOP more unpopular than Dems. Yet people still voted GOP. Like high schoolers who don't want prom king to be class president too!
gotta work from 5pm to 2am tonight, then report to my store tomorrow at 9am till 6pm.
Doesn't getting arrested in an "Occupy" event ruin your resume? Just wondering....
Haha thanks ^.^ You're awesome!
Day 2 of #densi super fun (and tiring). Great to meet my team tonight.
your welcome =] can you share it and if you want anyone else in it send a pic =D
better start
#MyPastRelationships are man where do I begin lmfao not enough on twitter
we are open.
I won't be at HH, but Saturday sounds fine. I'm thinking of hitting up the startbucks between your place and mine sometime soon!
I know. But at least I only need to redo one portion lol
i'm good :D what are you doin?<3
that's the idea (tempting folks with amazing food) - come in and check out our space, we'd love to have your crew in.
is just like starbucks coffee, if i dont get some of it, im pissed for the rest of the day ;)
Hey Tom, invite there for you, Ryan, and whatever alumns to come to MDC Draft party on Thurs night at Frannies....
In Shawnee doing oil changes and repair work for OBU
no worries do you come to Dallas often if so im still down 4 drinks my treat! my # 214-724-0429 thnx 4 ur time
My father-in-law bought us a Nook. So we're now a dual Nook/Kindle household, ergo e-reader diversity for the win. :)
Shout out to my boy Chef ( clap,clap) Dynamite...support is mutual keep rising, Mind Up!!!
: watching a marathon of ambiguously lame murder mysteries certainly makes me question myself... but it's awesome!
we just had a long, intense newsroom stare down. #awkward :p
yay! The race course took us to our farmer's market too
I Used to Be So Complex.. Since Then, I've Simplified My Approach. I Appreciate the Difference. Although I'am Content, I Now Have No Choice.
The worms outside are gross yet entertaining.. #lava game as a kid?
I wish I liked coffee...
GLEE Live at the Staples center!!!
Watching CNN at the gym: Study finds people happiest at age 33. Don't feel like I've already peaked, but hope that is loving 33!
are you still ??
lol why's that?
how do we place an order and get prices if there is no phone number !
At the Author Tea Gala listening to TAYLOR STEVENS! Sososososo excited!
#communicationwin : If you want to know whether someone has understood you ask them to summarise their understanding.
i still wish i could call her mine. yup.
that's the one fast food place that I still haven't been able to get to.
its lunch time but im debating on if i should still eat breakfast
I did, But he still didn't care.
Stoked for the party tomorrow!
: Do you like me? Breathe for yes, lick your elbow for no.
It kills me how people change for the worst and swear they still the same..smh
Scott Ty for every fan you entertained,Autograph you and Rick Signed,times you got in the ring when you were hurt,You cared.
Ask yo main bitch she know who I am ..
Can you afford to be open with all these emotions...
10 down, 4 moe to go ! M, that girl
I'm going to fail at this so bad. xD
Nap time 
Need to move ass and submit- cold weather makes me lazy.
Israel is the poster child of Western economic success. - Ferguson
Thank you Lisa :) LOL...
talking about DPLA at #thatcamp #se everyone's a little bleary eyed but engaged none the less
first lime-green smoothie in the new blender. it was delicious.
Try our Bahama Mama. It's the real deal, just like the original! Add some German Potato Salad and Creamy Cole Slaw!
No prob ! Thank you!
Great news from a friend who's 5 1/2 months pregnant: "Baby is 60% downloaded..."
skyping with is a great way to end the night
Why surgical technology is a growing career in health care - Las Vegas Review-Journal
But Ryan isn't on the air right now. He would maybe play it on his morning show..
!!!! RT : Everyone has flaws, but teeth looking like ran down section 8 housing is inexcusable.
Here we go
Thx! I need 2 learn Spanish 4 a translation exam. :/ RT #languages Relax and have some fun when learning a foreign language...
I like how they have locations around the world. Something really cool to do while you travel! A unique momento
Can Twitter really be useful in academia? II'll be listening in today #TwSIG - Tweet this SIG!
Odd craving. Do they still make Tang?
Bread and circuses allow the tyrants to rise to power
I had a dream that I met Shaquille O'neal in a crowded mall. He posed for a photo with me, but it didn't turn out.
Fucking HAIL wtffff. Scariest weather to drive in by far -____-
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Forget school. Let's just go straight football practice
40-31 Hoyas at the first TV timeout. Belmont can't defend without fouling. They picked up their fourth team foul in just four minutes
are we going to see you on Saturday at Jammin Java?
Back to work.
im a little drunk on you and high on summertime
Dear , Whoever is designing your new spring jersey and print dresses is divine. Also, love the red trousers.
720 communities around the USA now have some type of #OWS presence.
Did I really waste this much paper on an ap course description?!
Nigga I'm from Dallas
Hi, Shannon! TFF!
Thanks for the RT. Have a great night
#Prayer was the answer yesterday, today, and I have no fear that it will be the answer tomorrow.
Rant .. People who talk on their cell phones for long calls at the poker table SUCK and should lose every hand just for being so annoying.
The good news: I found a $20 off coupon code for ordering flowers. The bad news: It was a $22 fee for same day delivery.
Every time I hear Click-Click-BOOM at the B's game I think of impression.
Thanks for the tweet, we can always special order it for you on the weekdays if you are available :)
I got the modem provisioned for you. Can you confirm when you get a chance?
Looking forward to playing the Slayerer show Oct 30 @ Cactus. Not looking forward to wearing a skull cap & fake tribal tattoos
Unless we change our thinking, it will not matter how much money we make. We will never become wealthy.
These bickering boys make me ill.
we are at shootaround and if you give us tix we'll totally dance crazy with you!
I knew you were a bot!
oh my god . i think i see a tornando forming. -____-
Both is necessary, fasho
many using excel spreadsheets to sign people in+out of investigator meetings. R there relatively inexpensive electronic options out there?
+ maybe some play-by-play reports. . .
On my way to #oobbq with bougie cupcake goodness from
$1.2 billion, and I charge a 1% retainer for the appraisal LoL
Awesome, Greg! You and I need to talk about this... very timely...
Dear guys who think it's ok to steer uncooperative women by the upper arm: let's fight. Sincerely, me.
So I put a smear on possibly the best squad we ever had?? I'm pretty sure that has NOTHING to do about me!
it was dark and i almost stepped on a little kitty :( someone call PETA on me
where can I find that show?
Looking forward to introducing clothing at the boutique soon!
: "PLEASE. girls don't like nice boys". Who says that?
shoulda got the lamb ribs. Divine.
That's actually a good question I hope they'll answer it in their next interviewEveryone's curious
i play Long Sleeve Rashguard Light Blue 18 mo.
And that would be Ian MacKaye being cool. Me, not so much.
yes very sad...but many as you say would prob.be nice as well, but ...you don't want to deal w/ other if sick sometimes.
Just recording some new tracks, coming soon
<<ITNS>> in play - huge peenystock Pr finally out!
Lying and saying you're staying the night at a friends while you're really partying.
"I have failed you Anakin. I have failed you." From possible the best 9 minutes of motion picture ever created.
United Online Launches 4G Mobile Broadband Service
Time to pick my bracket again! This year I'll base it off of team colors. Last year's bracket (based on mascots) didn't turn out too well.
1Pe 5:14 Greet one another with a kiss of holy love. Peace be to you, all those in Christ Jesus. Amen.
the high schools only number school but freddie is gunna be K-8th so im going back ithink
I need some grapes. (this is not an important tweet)
Thanks for the tweet man! You rock! We need more people on the site for it to work better! Tell your friends!
Its only a couple of questions through 'email' about your day on set.... what do you say Travis, in or out? :)
aww he's so cute too and I'm 18 I don't want to go to jail lol for kissing a 15year old boy on the cheek lol
sex is better when you can control yourself.
Aw i love when you lie to me :') honestly your so sweet when you lie<3
Work the middle , work the middle ,work the middle , work the middle ..
Love you Kobe! you da man ;)
It's not WHAT you said, but the WAY you said it.
Find the Victory in Defeat!
You're welcome & thank you! XX
Excited for the Ableton Production Workshop today! Get my learn on!
Hey, don't mess with our tribute thread!!!!!! BITCH!
The one thing preventing me from jumping off Aurora Bridge is at Chop Suey tonite. *Tomorrow*, I'll be prepared for jumping.
Thats why idont reconnect with friends from the past becuz its not the same anymore...
it's so immature. I'm like I'm grown n don't have time 4 this nonsense
Is there a playlist anywhere?
Hey -not sure which author you mean. Hard to keep conversation thread on Twittr. Are you on email, then drop me a line.Mike
The majority of men meet with failure due to their deficiency of persistence in creating new plans to take the place of those which fail.
I know... I don't know why, but I had not either... I have never been more sickened by anything before. They need to catch him
Follow me please(:
#YouShouldNot sign a recall petition against
sweet. just got a CR-48!
Merry Christmas from Milwaukee, big sis.
Awww!!! How sweet!!! XOXO I appreciate that Scott!
Oh my god, lady. Looks like Anti-Superbowl is a huge success!
Trying in Stamford, Conn with my favorite person in the world. So far so good.
sure that would be great! Maybe Teaism?
I need someone to make vietnameses coffee for me 24/7.
In Sacramento, flight was delayed. Sad I couldn't be at the scholarship reception.
r u awake friend.
#SAForum2012 There is need to stimulate product oriented innovations in Africa
About everything I do I always think to myself "I'm probably the only person in the world that does this."
elections elections elections.......
Apparently there's some sort of awards show on tonight? Where people get statues for movies no one has seen? I'll have to look into it...
Sexy! Even without your flesh...
Who knew?RT : wernt u guys saying the bucks would lose against the knicks and against miami???
I agree!! Pisces all the way.
when do u work again?
according to my life me and zayn will have beautiful babies that look just like him. thank you for your concern.
girl...I'm gonna...work. :\ I'd normally head down to the bay and watch the sun set from the pier. Hopefully it doesn't rain!
": Places fo1st show tonight in Chicago. Victor Garber and Harold Ramis in the house!" Let me know when Harold Baines is there.
People who shop at the flea<<<<<<<<<<<< ah lames these days
A piece of my childhood is gone, I just found out that Soul Train host Don Cornelius committed suicide. Prayers go out to his family. RIP!
heading home to St. Louis tomorrow to catch up with my family and friends!
llah them hills are no joke I run and back pedal upthem for better footbwork
everybody in the club gets tipsy!!
No joke, followers. I'm in dire need of a Retweet. Please please please.
Oh man just reminded me that Tevin Campbell existed.
Job interviews are always so nerve wrecking..smh
Yw, sounds like the perfect tour guide? ;) I've driven thru CO many X & thought "If I ever have chance to live here!?" Now, I do
what is ur favorite show??
I'm at 202 followers, thanks guys! Now it's time to aim for 300! :]
Good Morning it is.....have a wonderful Day!
Will I see you at #SCBWI Poconos retreat this weekend ? In any case, time to reconnect!
#DontBeMadAtMeBecause you didn't get your tickets for the #BlacklightPartyOct22 in DALLAS GET YOUR TICKETS WHILE THEY LAST
Danielle Aubert presents a series of photos documenting places she has slept in day by day.
bad timing I'm afraid....enjoy your visit to the 'croft!
hey can I get a shout out on Jim Fallon You sat next to me @ the Icon show in Provincetown MA.
too sweet...glad to be here
FACEBOOK DISCOUNT TICKETS STILL AVAILABLE!!!
Trying to figure out a name for a new heroine. Need suggestions!
The Prominent Silver Jewelry | Home And Family Style
I expect a call'
What is it pick on Cher day? When will we learn 2 spread positivity instead of negativity? What u put out there eventually comes back
RT : I really hate when you can hear someone slurp their soup or cereal when they are eating .
So here's my take as someone that had to do 12 experiential learning credits for undergrad - it's hit or miss.
- Congrats Ariel!! Blessing to your wife,you and your new son!
I am about to hit the gym
had to make moves b, and idk about the jar b not right now at least
i hate history movies ;p
It's because I have bacon...
Almost ready to start the broascast of the Timbers game on Estrella TV and La Pantera 940am
#ff & all of team - excited to see you tomorrow cc:
I got freaked out about the plane shaking and not being able to hold steady. Now, I'm sequestered in memphis. (not actually)
RT " I've had 80 x more mgs of adderall than hours of sleep in the last 24 hours #losing"
Thank you for following us. We are interested to learn more about your group.
My mentions are dead, this is why I'm never on twitter. Smhh
Maybe with ask the WRs getting hurt, SF may use Gore!
Part of being Major League ready includes maturity. Baseball should be held to a higher standard.
[ ]Single [ ]Taken [] I'm in love with myself
This day in Civil War history... 63: Skirmish at Lick Creek AR 65: Francis Preston Blair Sr. tries to negotiate peace with Jefferson Davis
Just saw the first draft of our new menu...Nom, nom, nom
"What you seek is seeking you."~ Rumi
Love your new nickname. RT : Didn't think it was possible but using my new Dyson ball vacuum brings even more joy to cleaning.
I'll come see you! I've got to start Xmas shopping somewhere!
Congratulations to last weeks mascot winners! Remember to vote for your favorite mascot each week at www.CapitalOneBowl.com.
Sure, but it's very short. I don't have to compel. I just have to ask court for the OSC.
that's what I told . it would be lovely to have a coffeehouse but expensive!
Thanks for the #FF !
California.. One word, traffic.
Where's in?
$80 for an extra bag. No longer a fan, Porter Airlines. No longer a fan.
Hey need to run something by you. Pick up.
so tired
it's not about who's right, wrong or better. It's about having faith in something greater than ourselves.
Proper treatment lies in identifying the type of UI the patient suffers from, as treatment therapies applied to each are very different
So skate depot tonight with my lil cousin  it's ratchet up there but it's okay everybody gets ratchet every once in awhile lmao
Drug dogs at the Amtrak station? For real?
My pool is at 80 degrees. Officially backyard pool season!
someone who hates you normally hates you for one of three reasons. they see you as a threat, they hate themselves, or they want to be you.
RT : RT : Text "Beer" to 34763 to be registered to win 2 tickets to the Winter on Feb. 11 - and...
the next 8 days
No one ever wants to hang out when my hair looks good
you can also find us on Manta now!
I know right !
I ain't settling for anything less than everything. <3
Just found an inchworm in my hair.
Great suggestion, but I'm thinking of somewhere downtown-ish/Third Ward-ish Thoughts?
omfg no one understands how much i hate my cousin..
Today is the big day
I am being attacked everyday by some mental patient whom have convinced themselves there are no consquences in their actions
Tornado warning. maybe it is a good thing that i have been waiting over two hours to see the doctor.
Me too! Even all you and do is laugh at mee :( Haha.
Wishing everyone in the PCOM family and their friends a happy and healthy Thanksgiving!
Show tonight at Grace College in indiana
RT : Now I followed all of y'all you can't say I dont follow back now <<<hey now I didn't say anything lol but thanks for the fb
I also have the theme song for mario brothers in my head (not helping)
Tomorrow Is Gonna Be Austin's First Ustream WithOut Braces (': -Ally
I had a great work out today.
oh okay (:
Attempting to learn Bollywood dancing. Not easy at all.
is there a chance they might? because people are saying they are :C
"The Waltons are now collectively worth about $93 billion" / *DAMN* what does one say...that they're overtaxed..what??
#sxswi #3ScreenMin What about HOW they want to watch it?
not for the people that hate listening to you.
I'm feeling that, too.
The Hobbit always makes me think of The Runelords. I hear they're making that into a picture too.
#20ThingsAboutMe I think Pretty Boys are effing hot. c:
 Weather Alert: NWS has issued a tornado watch for DC until 11PM. Tornado WARNINGS issued already to the S & W of DC. Be alert!
That awkward moment when your friend is friends with the person you HATE.
yes mother!!!;p
at least he had the courage to write a book, that started the testing for steroids. Now #MLB has turned on BB is clean
Thanks for the RT!
my spanish hw just unintentionally made an AD reference: "Vendemos la casa a Marta"
As you recall, you know I love to show off
Where you been?
word my g Food & Liquor 2 should be dope tho
Just got off work...bored hmu
Anyone else get tickets to the Pittsburgh show? :)
Thanks for the #FF Molly ;-)
Highlight if my morning....leftover Chubby's
Keep up the GREAT WORK KATHY! :)
i think its at the same spot we went to March Madness
Watching it right now! Fox is so cute!
Trying to learn HTML and CSS as this is my New Year's resolution. It's tough sledding but, darn it, I will prevail.
Nope sure isn't!
Shoe nice ? Who is that ? And why does he call himself a nice shoe ?
This art drama is out of control! We all just want the arts to thrive...right?
#TheSaddestPart about us is knowing you'll eventually leave. I mean, they all do. Right?
: who are your top 5 teams as of now?. Cuse ain't losing with melo
word. I wanna be THAT good
has the best customer service line. Short wait to talk to an actual human being, who was extremely kind and helpful! :D
however..sometimes the selection isn't quite the same nor are the prices but I try to support everyone
In need of a job...
This is the game
The weather's fine and so our the Foster Indy Mart community entrepreneurs -- come see them today 7916 SE Foster until 7 PM
PCAK has great partners! We need each one. Today we salute #KSP & Post 1 in Mayfield. Awesome response to our kick-off planning in Paducah.
I slick wana go to the lil fair in front of the raleigh mall! I need a date tho
That would be the coolest thing ever! But, no, it's not. My name's Alexandra.
Helping center grove and Northview pull out their tarps.
"Hey, maybe we should hold off on that illustration of Lin leading the Knicks into the playoffs via rickshaw." - someone at
Nyjer breaking out the beast in the 1st... nice!
As you know, I only visit Ann Arbor when absolutely necessary, so let it be known that and are worth the trek.
We are excited to announce that Instinct Magazine is an official sponsor of Diversity Platinum Look for special offers in days to come!
SDCH to distribute toys+food to 1,300+ kids at Holiday Party at Golden Hall, Sat., 12/17, 12 to 3p.
GREAt Some People Are very Honest :( but some are still waiting
A DREAM THAT YOU WISH.,WILL COME TRUE.....HAHAHAH....I WISH SOO......
I just realized that I asked about the particular field twice,so disregard that.
Man, installing w/ Xcode command line tools only 
So I had a change of heart & offered my help. She took it without hesitating. Haha aw
": Who wants to see me in PR with ?! Let's make it happen!" dont just read LEGGO
I want to be able to decide to take a day off and go spend it laying on the beach..
PYITE would be nice
Derek Lowe just sounds like the name of good pitcher.
Baseball starts in 2.5 hours! Who's your team ad how far will they go?
Loving Fridays! Enjoy summer, tweets!
Wanted: IT Recruiter, at least 4 years exp in tech recruiting. (in Philly). OST is growing. Again.
sending off a surprise package today for 
is in the house!!!
My little sisters friend got a python. Lucky -.-
I never meant to make your daughter cry I apologized a trillion times!!!!!!
asdfghjkl we get to creep him all day! ;)
I will be joining on at 8:30am to chat Chili Brew 2 & #2012Polarplunge for
DC It's GORGEOUS outside today!
A tad worried here too... Thanks for the info! :) GO IRISH!
Amazing job last night! Encore was one of the best I have seen!
Fort wayne news: there was a fire blazin on green street -__-
lol he need to get up and you know why you didn't get me
Tell your dopey sportscaster that Roy Halladay did not pitch tonight.
Baseball and runnin'
Awesome news regarding your mom, def puts things in perspective!
sorry we can't hit some of y'all with follow backs right now. we're currently in twitter jail. we'll get on it ASAP when we're out
Too tech-challenged for Skype! Did your client adopt or "inherit" the 3 kids? Or (OMG) did she have trips???
So cocky. Oh wait... Not Really.
This is the first time in 10 years that I can actually name more than 5 players on the
its an app
Three days left in spring break. :-| Back to work Monday.
I'm starting to feel decidedly unwelcome at #Pottermore. Why no welcome email yet?
maybe we'll get new uni's for every game like Oregon does!
Don't get me wrong I luv dat shit Na, But how do u ladies fit such Big Ass Booty's into such Little Ass Jeans lol!
I'll be joining #ASNEChat as a guest with several former newspaper eds and will be tweeting replies, comments welcome. 2-3 pm ET.
We have quick-fill scholarships on our website :) You should check them out.
thats what happened to a team mate last year. You're literally gunna sit there and be like "JUST SAY SOME RANDOM BULLSHIT!!"
McNeese State gets the offensive board & foulded, at the line....misses the 1st
I'm good. Congratulations! How did it go?
Opening night!!!!! Woooohoooo!! So excited <3
Thank you for the shout-out! :)
Heart these powerful gals too: 
Thanks for being our generous sponsor 4 our efforts 4 homeless veterans! You do so much good! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Why do you talk loudly on your phone right outside your apartment? Isn't that what right inside your apartment is for?
refactoring 'work' -- as metaphor of non-renumerative 'self-actualization' #intellectualGluttony :D
We love us too!
haha lol! Dude, Bieber's beast. But your beastier.
I love The Root Cafe in Lakewood OH, despite the fact that they play The Magnetic Fields non-stop...
We'll be at #AREAA today. Come by and say hi.
i agree. rev. 21 chapter 1
then sign up for THE EROTIC .com 50k and a modeling contract to the winner
no probe
October looks to be an amazing month for new restaurants opening in Chi; #Chicago TableSavvy's top three are as follows..
Yep. I suppose I succeeded...GRS a week ago.
Good luck to our brother Jesuit school, Loyola Blakefield. They are competing on It's Academic this morning. Go Dons!
Wrote some jokes about God and my whole family sick!, there just jokes God
It's not "stranger danger. National statistics show 90% of child sexual abuse cases involve someone the child knows and trusts.
Working the rest of the day, Fairs & Festivals coachin with me starts This Sat!
I'm ready for it!
When she's quiet it's dangerous. She's either about to explode, start crying, or at her worst, and often screaming on the inside.
Getting very excited about tomorrow's Status of Boys luncheon. Great speaker, great people, great music.
you too bro. You comin back anytime soon?
of course she would! The logo needs to be of pig tails too!
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businessesvote for the American Jobs Act.
I know exactly what you mean! But my life's the other way.. Like I have all this talent but no one notices it, yah know.
Woody Allen Money was never a big motivation for me, except as a way to keep score
As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others
See ya next time Vegas. It's been fun.
OPENING RECEPTION: Friday 6-8:30pm. Come see "Spirit and Enigma" by Bill Mould. Ceramic sculptures and wall art!
If you want people to take responsibility and do the right thing, empower them with decision rights and a clear goal!
If your an artist trying to go big? tell me and ill post it on my youtube channel and tell and share about you:)thanks
Thanks for the love Trey Love
Sachem Energy Solutions Launches new Initiatve: World News Report: http//bit.y/JYPWPE
#MakesMeSMH when taxpayers act surprised at their tax obligation/refund results..changes in tax laws and taxpayer circumstances will do that
I know the difference when I speak, but sometimes when I write, their distinctions get lost. ;-)
...as we used to say: "Sally, take me home, tie me up, and make me write bad checks." ;-))
I got that bieber fever!
how in the hell does this thing work?
is speaking about the National Privacy Principles (AU), and connecting those to libraries.
Local favorite and COBO friend Norm Hazzard brings his casual-Oakland style to the mix tonight. Been with us since the beginning. <3
I hear you on that. Had a sick kid on Monday that was really on the mend...drove me nuts!
New photog's who run out and buy the most expensive high end camera and think they will be great cause of that should get a major clue...
Social is the shift away from traditional marketing -- the let's see who can shout louder game -
nothin just workin on some wedding invitations for a client... How bout you?
who's the girl singing in the pepsi commercial?
Marketers must be involved in revenue generation.
No! Maybe he'll be available for the other GSW game down the road?
dear baseball moms, is it necessary to say let's go four two...the number is forty two just say that!
oh hey you're following me now. cool.(:
I AM the Architect of MY OWN Destiny.
thx for the follow!
Too funny!! Happy Birthday Hope you gals had fun...Pretty pic for sure!
Take what you learned last night and the energy you felt, and apply it to your life. Help someone today & ask them to do the same
couldn't agree more!
Seriously annoyed with all these "Obama Bashers" Lets talk about the 8years of BULLSHIT he has to clean up!! I'll wait
And her skin is all blotchy and looks like she tried to bleach it or...something... No comprendo.
we are in! #statebeer. when I am in sf next weekend, I wasn't planning on drinking any non-Cali beers anyway!
"They" dont want you to know, they dont want to even think that you do know, but I already know!
what if #Peyton doesn't announce he's healthy before the draft? Do the #Redskins draft assuming they'll be able to get him?
All Praise is due to Allah for your blessed mother birthing you into this world 79 years ago today.
There is no evidence whatsoever that "The World Turned Upside Down"-or any music-was played during the Yorktown surrender.
got to follow the fan club lol
Hi Matthew! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
i'm bored of this url already and i wanna change it but i'll wait until #TwerkTeamThursday is over
that Tech N9ne is on another level foreal
What's a server? Is that, like, WordPress?
#homesweethome :) ": I can't wait to move back to buffalo...I miss my family and friends so much ;("
where were you tonight?
We passed our 700 mark! thanks to all the Loyal CSI Miami fans out there! :D
Living on Popsicles and Powerade. The only part of me that appreciates being sick is my ass. Ugh.
Share at least one meal together every single day.
thanks Sabrina! We are planning on raising money for Johns Hopkins Hospital where I was born.
My dad just walked in on me making lunch, looked at my food and asked if I was feeding the birds. "No, I'm feeding myself."
Aurora Borealis is like real-life shield pulsation from Star Trek, saving us from high-energy particle damage!
meanwhile you're on an iPhone with gps...
amazing what happens when you get to pick the ball up early
that boy got time?
Haircut, bank, dinner with Ally's family, then Longstreet with friends ! Gonna be a good night.
HEY JEFFERY...WE LOVE YA UP HERE IN NC...F/S...
The way guys and girls think is crazy!!! I'm laughing at this whole convo.
Thanks! Hope you enjoyed your lunch!
reply to them then!
HOW AM I ALIVE AFTER THAT EPISODE? OMFG. THAT IS THE BEST EPISODE. ITS JUST THE BEGINNING. RUSHERS HOW ARE WE GONNA SURVIVE THE SEASON?!
I've been getting quite a few 502 errors there too. I use Chrome, but when I tried it in Firefox it was all good.
": xo .. I want a lot of goodmorning tweets when I wake up" goodmorning big daddy primo lmfaoo (:
just give it time
So what's the deal with Tracey Ross' eyes? They look they're falling out the sockets.
Yessir...can't wait for tomorrow!
I told her meet me in the bathroom. I fux her while the water running. #houseparty life yeeee
thanks !!! let me kno wat u think
You know, Deadliest Warrior used to be on MTV. Only then, it was called "Celebrity Deathmatch."
we miss you too! I don't think we'll ever find a better boy band than you guys!
It's skipping more and more often, and the chain looks loose. Not bad, but could use a tweak before it gets bad.
A few, but most aren't of legal age!
"Money doesn't buy happiness but I'd rather cry in a mansion.""
Worried about Social Security? Trust Jesus&live right& He will always take care of you.For I have never seen the [holy] begging bread. Bible
#RECYCLE! We have more in our 60 gallon recycling bin each week then we do in our garbage
RT - RollN wit the New England Patriots this year!..
Woo hoo! Joshua McKinley is our hometown fan fave!
Line of the morning. Talking Stanley Cup trophy and reporter chimes in I took a sip from it back in '94, still get a cold sore there.
. #Journalism must do better job covering Internet as a contested space. Doesn't fall w/in trad MSM beats
"You're the most athletic here!" Drunk girl on racine ave
Hey if you are in Chicago the weekend of May 19th, will you go to prom with me?
Literally in heaven! Oh! How I wish I could go back in time...
Cupid may be stupid, but he shot a big ol' arrow in MY behind! Wishing everyone a day filled with love and above all else, chocolate!
Doh, I didn't think of the kittens! Or the puppies! Back to the drawing board...
It's finally warming up a little here in SF - at least for now! :-)
Me thinks I hear a future scene partner connection blossoming.
If you win, you can't include your mom or stepdad #Eww... 3-Way... passes to their exclusive acoustic performance at 7:30
#Chorizo related tweet. WHAT FUN!
do you have a link?
jus kids these days the decisions they make and things they do...
ok, do celebrities really twitter? I think not
fuck you lol I knew it
what's goin down? What the lick read?
I'm never drinking again.
Mister Steve :) And how have u been? RT : Desiiiiiiiii!!!!! My pint size of fun!!!! Lmao
ain't even close ! You are AMAZING !!!!
Appropriate to wear a polar bear costume to work for the white out party? More appropriate if I cut two holes in the chest for my boobs?
Congratulations to our April 2012 contest winner, Lalistade Aura! Please send an email with your mailing address
Canceling your Friday night plans with your boyfriend to work on your thesis makes for a really shitty start to the weekend.
The man was old with a long part on the side and his hair slick down like we in the 1920s
Sean Carter Is Nicee; But Sean Price Is The Best
"in 2 days Justin will be Adultrauhl!" No, he will always be KIDRAUHL.
#Ravens take S Christian Thompson, South Carolina State
Thank you ! Happy Mothers Day!!!
#everygirl needs a thug in their life...streetsmart
never know when u might have to run a 5 on 5 full court...its actually genius
you treat me like a stranger & it feels so rough
Really gotta know the rules of the water! :) : Lake violation calls becoming too important in this tourney. #MarchMadness
RT : Asante Samuel may be a better CB than people realize. Was thrown at deep (20+) 12 times last year, allowed 1 catch.
I'm comparing brandy back then to rihanna now. Brandy don't fit into this era. Music all about sex now, that's not her style
Faithy- Dj Alex Alex in the mix Claudette-Dj C C C C Cuff Your Chick William-Dj Ill Will Ivana-Dj Cuff Your Chick's WIFEY
A woman's favorite position is...CEO!!!!!! ;-)
: Thank you to the weird kids that texted me today saying "I see you." <<<That's ironic
Ha ha!! I was speaking more for your partner! How about a combo!!
DT is dropping tweets- The last one referred to an unsolicited email sent by a customer recommending us to for an award. ;)
Carls Beltran with 2 Home Runs, and a Triple tonight. 12 HR's for the season. Machine like. The Cardinals are fun to watch.
what happened?
Yes! We have our #webstore up and running! Check out www.sperantsa.com and get a hat for hope! Help out Romanian families in need
His actions lately certainly point to this>>>>RT Limbaugh's a double agent.
Go to hell
well thanks I feel better then;) I thought I was gonna have to kill him!
"eveybody's trying to fuck Jesus" -
Who stole the cookies from the cookie jar??? ...
Verizon Customers Suffer Third Outage in December [VIDEO]
The little things are the best things.
I have a teeny tiny flash piece I kind of want to try doing as an audio thing. Do a lot/any zines do tiny audio?
That's why I love JunOS.
Happy 2012!! Can't believe the new year is already here!
Happy New year to the Lady Baller Crew! Keep up the great work in 2011!
lmao you three high dude!!! U put dat on twitter.
practice was fun :)
Research: systematic investigation undertaken to develop generalizeable knowledge. Distinct from: quality control, evaluation.
Because I'm just really sick of being single. I was ok with it for a long time, but my contract on feeling ok seems to have run out.
I think I just took 10 years off my life talking to smoking co-workers. Yuck!
Proud winner of the new CD! Heads up there's a sweet new "Friday @ 4p" soundtrack this week!
Enjoyin the swag bag (incl. makeup & ) from the event!!
En route to San Francisco!
It is impossible to see two worlds.
listening now. I dig it!
seems like everyone involved is a egotistical D bag who thinks there better. Honestly I'm surprised u replied back
I'm on board with you !
Excuse me bartender, there's too much liquor in this drink.
no doubt
RT How to write: 1) Put ideas on paper. 2) Remove boring parts. 3) Repeat as necessary.
Thanks to everyone that took part in our live feed last night. It was a lot of fun chatting. We hope you like how the new song turned out.
#Celtics trail #Hawks, 23-20, after one quarter. Atlanta shooting 50%, Boston shooting 35%. Hawks lead battle on boards, 12-8.
Seriously is my favorite!! Can't wait for some Nashville shows! For now, vote!!! 1-866-436-5707
Sometimes a slightly greasy pepperoni pizza just hits the spot! Yum!
mine broke!!,
Tune in now to Vaming radio with guest Assemblymember Roger Dickinson.
I actually have a much bigger idea. You in?
Screams tommorrow! Should have a teaser up soon :)
see as long as u believe it ur good:)
7 miles from my new (old) home state: Colorado.
Use your smile to change the world, don't let the world change your smile!
Sorry for the delay, high maintance, I'm not sure if I can go I think I might actually be in DC that weekendRT I texted you -_-
LUNCH SPECIAL - Roasted Beet Salad on a bed of mixed greens with bleu cheese, candied walnuts, cucumber, onions and an orange vinaigrette.
I just read a review that the Hunger Games movie is terrible... THAT CAN'T BE TRUE!!!
: : i would like my clothes por favor... #answermytexts #byehoe and Chad's swimsuit Please
awe!! Muff Cabbage what's wrong?!! :-/
That play was amazing! Way to go thunder!!!!
Just ate...now its time for a nap
#iThinkofyou when other people tell me that they are in love
bitch you can bring her!
Down came the rain and washed the spiders out.
What are your plans for new years?
Shopping and following Twitter.
I low key miss my days at regal.
yes where are you
Outstanding! RT : went to the gas station, got a 44oz cherry icee and went back to bed.
": My final exams do not start till Wednesday fml" gud luck to ya hope u do well
Good seeing you tonight man. Next time I'm in NYC we should have a longer chat.
and u came 2 mind
what?! RT : Great to meet you!
yo JVR can I get a RT for a huge Flyers fan living in Maine? I'm at every PHI game in Boston and go to a couple games in PHI!
Heading to my 3rd bootcamp of the week with ! Let's do it.
Dont worry about what the weather could be like. Have your childs next birthday indoors with us! Call for details.
Softball later, then getting to see oomf:)
One year ago today Obama gave the order to kill Osama.
beastie boys got me from grade school to high school to here.
Do you have clients that you help with loans?
Can't figure out how my legs got covered in bug bites. SO itchy!!!!
Then go back 2 sleep -lazy lol
Ppl think I'm social but I've just decided that I need to expand my comfort level. Will talk to a new person everyday in 2012.
#il1011 The halflife of a skill is now 5 years.
Just deleted about 50 food pics, but I had to keep the tater tot nacho pic.
Good morning, Missouri!
Youre not a shooter, why yhe hell you taking shots homie?
Why havent I talked to in all these weeks? Whats really goin on bruh bruh?
Who wants Roseanne for President? Tell me!
creating Access forms and considering an outreach opportunity
The one man team is a complete and total myth. -- Don Shula
you should've gone! then we could become international party people
Do you have friends that have never heard of GEMINI? If you answered "yes"...that's a shame. Take a second and address that issue. LOL
Because the truth is, it doesnt really matter who I used to be. Its all about who Ive become.
check out my new blog www.bowlingdo.com
EPA says Xenon-133 is radioactive noble gas produced during nuclear fission that poses no concern at detected level.
How did I not know it was #BASHH tonight?
Infographic: Recent Spike in Gas Prices Fuels Renewed Interest in... Conservation and gas credit cards are among the tools consumers can
Yay for getting out of class early 
I'm waiting for Alex Olanov to swing by.
r u a guy or girl
tomrrow i want to take my grandma and my mom to dinner <3
Dear haters, I'm not your enemy. I'm your hero.
Love this title for Marianne Vitale exh @ Zach Feuer "WHAT I NEED TO DO IS LIGHTEN THE F**K UP ABOUT A LOT OF SH**" (asterisks are mine)
why you got yo tweets unretweetable
I have Verlander, Shields, Kershaw, Masterson, and Derek Holland in Fantasy. Can't buy a win this year don't have one yet.
give me that damn beat now
have fun, great day for it
I wish tinker would leave me alone..
You ugly, you black fucka
Babysitting again.
Yay! They're here!
RT "Colts say they will draft Andrew Luck. in related news, water is wet, and fire is hot." My sentiments exactly.
So tired! Who would have thought actually doing my work in school would be so damn tiring .
Dancers are instruments, like a piano the choreographer plays. ~George Balanchine
I love Daddy Dingus!<3<3 He makes the world go round!:)
As the Law of Entropy states, something in order will go to a state of disorder. Therefore, perfection will never exist..
(Did it again.)
RT Anyone know any deal to be had in Hawaii (Honolulu and Kauai) for hotels and great "locals" places to eat?
Yankees game!! :)) xx you have an iPhone too now. Honestly there has to be cool things we can do then.
Outdoor fitness...
Please confirm that kids (10 and under) eat free at your restaurants on Mondays & Tuesdays. Thanks so much!
its just that you're becoming a man.
Yeah! And dishes too....I'd be cool if they took a break as well...
Louis Gossett, Jr. was the first African-American to win the Best Supporting Actor award. He won for his role in An Officer and a...
I'm afraid to sleep by myself tonight ;0.
on my way to laszlo's iron skillet
- but sporting a rockin' 'stache certainly helps...
Just registered so I'll see you there. ": You should totally come to the tweetup with !"
You just told the truth about her! RT": Oh no!! blocked me! , I think she's mad at us."
#eecms "go to" Content Management System
Love your glassware ! Nebbiolo, Bordeaux, and Burg all taste gr8!
#Bloomberg is reporting That US has filed an antitrust suit against
Had a very humbling birthday.
Oh btw tonight perform at international pop overthrow.
im playin that Mercy remix now...so insane
Plus some encyclopedias circulate while most libraries don't let you take the computer home.
S/O to and for the tweets.
Your heart rate should be neither too slow nor too fast
Don't tell me what to do.
Hope you're having an active morning!
: I ran through them hoes, and I ain't talk 'bout Reggie Bush lmfao!!!
Kentucky kicking a$$ #MuppetMan Davis - XavierLT. com
Learn how to swim so you can get deep, the shallow end is overcrowded.
Hey Neflix can you put all seasons of Designing Women on instant streaming? I need my Julia Sugarbaker fix yall
FACEBOOK? If I had $$ to invest perhaps...
RT : Best writing advice ever is: to write every single day.
good. At least you can do something.... Jk :)
Who takes the shot?
Happy Birthday Mitchell Davis (:
The world is full of happiness that I have never known
We hope you have a fun (and safe) New Year's celebration this weekend!
has a date with his Golden Girls box set this weekend, this will happen for real.
Anybody else bored and hungry?
Sounds like a good time! Have you all thought about doing an event in our area?
#BOYFRIENDReview i think boys will serenade us soon with it .haha
My baby sis turned 22 today...shes grown up to be a nice lady. Where did the years go
why is Baez talking about? "stp trying to kill our people" Really??
1080 is really slipping
yes it is. My very first 4g / android.
Heading home from great Board meeting Always great to serve the wonderful students of #ORU!
idk you tell.
LMFAO. RT : Poor yunnie wife. That monster has got to hurt like a bitch. Kiss ur 25 kids goodbye
Vanilla cream Dr Pepper.
That awkward moment when you scream uncontrollably because you've read one too many tweets/updates starting with "That awkward moment..."
ok cool. Cant wait! :)
I love you to death!!!!! Plz rt
Tofu, or "bean curd," has been consumed since the 10th Century in China. Any favorite tofu recipes?
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
yes after the game
And the winner is...... ! #gzu loves you! So glad you're part of our #HOUSE :D
dear bloggers, how do you find things to write about, and keep the motivation to write?
Now communication is high, time is "short", liars take away the warmth of giving. FROM A FEW... The Majority are STILL GIVING>>PTL
what time do you land?
good job :)
you ugly <3
Pretty sure someone just walked by my office whistling Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer. April wasn't *that* cold, was it?
Good bread, good meat, good Lawd let's eat!!
why did the chicken cross the road?
Thanks for the follow! I hope you enjoy my reviews...
im in the middle of two girls, threesome?
lol Lets have a sesh today?
I've got another post-able project coming up soon--stay tuned!
ONLY drink "water". No juice, soda, smoothie, shakes, or milk.
I ate fruits for breakfast today!
Tonight is $5 Three Olives and $3 wines The Anchor Bar
Yep, Im Opening For Him May 26th at 7pm. Im Also Selling Tix For That Show Too $10.00 If Purchased From Me..!!!
No but scheduling an "off the chain party" in your honor soon...
#goodmorning I got my coffee, my banana and a little AM #buffy ;) #decent I got a lot of free time today lol
Don't forget to head over to Dell Diamond in Round Rock for weekend series vs Cal! Tonight's game starts at 7:00!
IM SO DISAPPOINTED. YOU NEVER FOLLOWED ME.
Reign over me by Adam Sandler is the best movie ever
Get in for some Napa inspiration! Buy 1 Get 1
thx for much-needed laugh RT iPhone, thanks for autocorrecting "beeatch" to "beeeatch." That helps.
Don't forget all the zombie Mothers this Sunday!
I'm a Sixers fan and couldn't be more bummed out about the Derrick Rose injury. Too good a guy. East needs an asterisk now.
MT  Content precedes design. Design in the absence of content is not design, its decoration.
Hard to believe when 70 ystrdy RT : "6 more weeks of winter it must be!" -The proclamation from Punxsutawney Phil.
Still pissed I never got to have Christmas cookies. Even though I spend hours making them.
Thanks you very much Brandie! We really appreciate it. Can you help? Let everyone you know, know. Thanks!
Thanks, and will do.
Just realized that with my hair up, and with this white sweater, I've been inadvertently rocking a Princess Leia look. All day.
Hey! Sorry to hear about the issue. Could you DM us with some more information? We can try to get this fixed for you.
Consider registering for a charity fitness event (e.g. a walk that benefits a specific disease). This will help motivate your workout!
Miller beginning to play now!!!
0273100581 is my tigo no, call me
I'm so happy interest rates have stayed low this year. Hopefully I'll meet a lot of new clients this summer!
Hahaha seeing girls who wear heels and can't walk in them makes me wanna trip them. OH!
#Congress: My daughter loves her program, and it keeps her active. Save #afterschool programs! Ginger
RT Review/debrief failure - how did they get there - can they find where they made an error?
I've run an x-ray photo of that on my blog. We've all been there.
Working at 12:53AM = when goes away
Did I ever mention I hate facebook? The only reason I have it is because I like about two people
Home alone woo
Nothing is impossible in life, we just gotta learn to never stop until it happens.
Dear SanDiego- Why don't you have a train/trolley stop at Morena/Balboa? There really should be one there.
Blah need bookcases for Jules nursery. I would like 2 sling bookshelves. Mostly for board books. Where are you SGF sellers?
Shiiiiiit I want ALL dem TEE'S!!!!
I just woke up...Love hitting unnecessary buttons...of course, first rule of the internet, don't do it unless your eyes are open.
Someone needs to update me on this fight! Team Cotto!
Goo luck ! Hopefully we will be accepting the award from you! Will find out in a few minutes.
I could care less who wins the Stanley Cup. I'm just glad it's not gonna be the
Can't wait to get my hands on Mike Philips slides for incorporating into my operations plan.
"No great man ever complains of want of opportunities." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Samba - Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
thanks for the RT!
Ginsburg: "I feel bad for you." Don Draper: "I don't think about you at all." That's also the relationship between Philles & Nationals fans.
yep yep.feel dat
my boy getting his new wheels an tires !!
#WOW I'm feeling like a Chicken #Nuggets fan right about now, Only we have championships.
- I'm embarrassed to say how emotionally invested I was in that game. You are the Kathryn Bigalow to my James Cameron.
Anyone interested in making us some cover art? :)
beautiful day in san diego, what you doin for God today?
it amazes me how immature people are!
you don't even know I exist, ha.
mimis_cafe thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
You're very welcome. Sorry I somehow missed doing it earlier.
Thank you =) I hope you have a great day too!!!
Tonight's anatomy lesson from Auden: "Wynn was in your belly, swimming. And then he came out of your mouth, because you burped." ROFL!
MTA to suspend Light Rail service between Convention Center and North Ave from 9p.m., Fri, Feb, 24, through 9 p.m., Sun, Feb 26.
Werrrrrrd.. RT : lol it could be a possibility , i'll be in the area anyway
I hate watching movies on regular tv commercials take away from it
"Youre the shine to my day." - my favorite Carlos
Jamie from Indiana, thanks for the comment about local authors! Way to contribute. Love the sharing out here.
Did you learn it by looking it up in a dictionary?
SHUT THE FUCK UP.
But you love it when they drop money on your art? Right? Rebel, rebel with a cau$e.
Passing the time by catching up on all this new interest in last year's "Vibrations" campaign here on twitter and on #reddit :)
ALL 2012 COLLEGE graduate's CONGRAT'S..
I dont kno if its just me but what kind of question is "what is making you bored?"
Next art opening is July 10th. Details to come.
I bet you have a happy wife right now.
You'll have to wait for Howie to get his interview to find out!
Momo's for a show. Great show, but the bar staff looks unhappy
but you were supposed to let me know when you could hangout , loser!
Cycling through new catalog . . .
What about an iTunes app for the Zune? Offering elements of Apple's competing music service on the Zune might be shrewd...
Thank you for the Gluten free Christmas menu!!
This shit make a nigga just wanna shit on everybody
Hey : Whaddya say you hop a flight to SF to hang out with me???
I HAD A GREAT NEW YEAR 2010!!!!
#Bones fucked him up this dude is pycho
tell him hi for me, I haven't chatted with him in awhile :/
Michele Bachmann looked like a fox during the debate and Rick Perry is still a douche. I dislike #republicans ...
is still a mile away from the finish line. what a rip.
where were you when my walls came falling down?
enjoying another morning with you all!! Thanks !!
indifferent to passion. He agreed with the writer. What is the most important are the relationships one has in this
TGIF! 20% OFF any #Jewelry Repair Service! Mention this tweet to the cashier ;) #Paradise Valley Mall
We live in a world built on promises, constructed by liars
Again c ur pt but actually the answer is yes...that interview on a talk show is much diff post and pre draft. Not a new thing
My daughter's VERY Republican Mother-in-law just posted on FB the link to the "I stand with President Obama on marriage equality" petition
follow me! :)
Thanks you for following the Pancreatic Action Network Milwaukee Affiliate!
I miss so much! I wish she lived closer!
Accidentally bought a Mad Magazine. Don't ask how that happened. It's kind of funny.
Oh no! Mean girl!
: Gore cites need for involvement is cure-
Congratulations to Chiara Zalewski & Whitney Herrmann for booking a Music video shoot with Sony recording artist
Pepsi and improper use of the dollar sign. Sorry, no can do. No can do.
told ya man! roller-coaster for awhile !!
well, darlin', i gotta write about all kinds a wine!
Customer service - assume positive intent
You were amazing on ABDC (:
Short walk to the local Dress in layers during the cold winter months. I learned the hard way.
true...but i think ull never lose it..
lmao okay and I dont care lol they can come
: I can't wait for Prometheus. It looks amazing! I know! I've watched the trailer like 737363727337 times!
My family born and raised in HLP. Have been going to since I was 4 though. Check it out for a possible story!
And what's forcing a person to be evil is their lust for control and power over others.
no one messes with my boo!! That bitch needs to be in hell and burn!!
The way of a fool is right in his own eyes, but a wise man is he who listens to counsel. -Prov 12:15 - sent by my Aunt Sharon - God bless!!
if you feel like breaking down, try nicorette. Sounds gross, but it helps in those tough moments. Good luck!
Just in time to honor our resident for assisting Iran...Must be above someone's paygrade...whats that...
Three walmarts later...I found a bug light bulb!!
Sprained my ankle. Missed it. SO BUMMED!!!!! See y'all on Monday though!
Oh, that one is good, too. I've used: "insert witty response," as well. Hooray for terrific writing!
A bit late, but good luck (and good job!) to those participating in the IU 5k and minimarathon today!
True strength is being able to hold it all together when everyone expects you to fall apart.
A letter to Ari? Omg. :) Can you include me in it please? :D <3
Dont open any DM from me or anyone saying "someone is posting bad stuff about you" it is spam!
you too?! come over.
RT if you've ever thought about actually trying a Jumbaco...
So's
slurps come coffee, flings hair back, tosses empty cup over shoulder and heads into an awesome day with sass and style
Troy only thinks he's average. He's actaully so far above the rest of us it's amazing. #FollowFriday (via )
thx dude. gonna be a busy day
A bunch of great reviews on 4 our #studyabroad program at Regent's College London. Share your experience w/ future students!
Attended the Expo and entered a lot of drawings for a prize. Bring lots of business cards and go to every booth. Lots of freebies!
Being hungry and not knowing what to eat has got to be one of the worst feelings in the world.
hey michael, appreciate you passing this along to your followers!
RT : Less than 5 minutes til on live interview about Walk Across America!
looking for another marathon to run?
The Black Keys Pandora station is by far the best one you could create. Just badass music throughout. Could listen to it all day
#GirlsShould learn how to PROPERLY put on #makeup ! Call us at (248) 477-5548
is bullshit in your contacts?
Has anyone ever gotten a great deal at the campus bookstore? Anyone?? Please let us know.
Come on heat !
Quick! One or two, PICK NOW!!!
Is it possible to be totally partial?
Gluten free products have found their way to the Alhambra. Had a smorgasbord to choose from at the Parador.
I think my #wife #perfect for me becuz? She's a tomboy but she #sexy she's girlie at times but shes not #sweet or
: CRAVING SOME PIZZAme too
 RT : AND IM PROUD TO BE AN AMERICAN WHERE AT LEAST I KNOW IM FREE
OMG I finally made it to Austin. At the bar with wine, a big piece of salmon and watching the grizz game. lets go grizz.
I can only imagine how many people who are still using MobileMe, because iCloud is not compatible with Snow Leopard.
All your lies made it that much easier to see the truth.
With all that has happened with this past year it makes me so sad but you have been so strong! your kids are so precious =)
RT NEW BRIGHTEN SONG UP NOW! www.myspace.com/wearebrighten
Merry Christmas!
Your life works to the degree you keep your agreements. -Werner Erhardt
I am going to Everest in April. Would love to check out your movie and here some tips for the trek.
I'm afraid you'll call me an EGG again
I'm @ 9am EST hour talking #womenshealth issues, 's all-male #birthcontrol panel #wherearethewomen #nogirlsinthetreehouse?
I look at all my exes & scratch the shit outta my head.. Fuck was I smoking?? #the shame
That which served you may now be limiting...Be open to change!
Just happened RT : Never have I been called beast before.
who we playing in the final?:o
Umm.... It... Was..... FREAKIN AMAZING!!! Ah I was hyperventilating, it was so GOD!!!! #ProudMahomie!!
lol how? :P
DalPogetto mayB more $/hr than warrented.If orchard is mature ag aspect not2complex,any areaCPA w/good local reputation can help.
Thankful and blessed to have the support we have, and been getting. Much Love & Peace to all of you! If you need us just hollah!
RT : "And we populate this stereoscope scene with a tribe of monkeys..." I LOVE MY JOB
whos everyone going for tomorrow?!
Of course! please send your information to
I once had this dating site give me best states where my personality would work best. It went 1.Oregon 2.California 3.Washington
Gm tweeps $alute! The mind of a dreamer has strong power when used correctly.
Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson started Poised Creation on the belief that artists need support!
i always seem to cry when i listen to "all i want is you" by justin. idk why, it just brings back so many memories from december
happy birthday bro!
RT : We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.  The Talmud
#Blackberry decided to grab & sync all my laptop music... but it can't play them. Says file type not supported. Stupid Programmers.
Great day at #Disneyland with the family.
Yay guys, so much is stirring in the production process. I've got a dance record in the works!!! whoo hoo
Kayla just made me want some culvers.
no math ask
TONIGHT - SNL with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
wats a tiny chat??
Feel prepared. Increase wealth. Learn to be lively. Be dazzling. Make money as a City Promoter. Free Offer.
10 please come so I can leave!
Sink or Swim is # 1 on iTunes Singer/Songwriter Chart!!! Check him out
did ur classmates sing along
hi, you don't know I exist but I'd LOVE it if you follow me back. <3
tell Zigler to quit being a bitch
Not planning the next trip quite yet (: Planning vacation tends to take a backseat to planning work stuff, ha
How is comparing RG to Vick lazy? How many college games of Vick's did you watch?
Because we're never ganna be as young as we are tonight, We'll let the world know we're alive. we're here to chase the flashing lights ~
I phone provider appears to be down... Please call our back-up line at 818-989-1590
Shooting our video this weekend. We can't wait!!
me too and its easier to go with the truth regardless of how bad it may b
damn, i need to get on this more...whats new on here? :)
What a great Easter thanks to for being the best godmother ever!
just been sick, trying to recover...you.?
was there a pedestrian hit by train in Arlington Hts?
what do you mean chirpin?
hahaha I KNOW!!!
U smell a lot of things when u travel
Just gotta keep trying...
Insanity Core Cardio and Balance this morning, i'm feeling really tired but gonna dig deep and push through!!!
where do you put all the sausage?
Why can't I get a guy my age, but older&younger men fucking love me? (&now married men as well for those keeping tally)
I'm sitting at section 6 and Janie is sitting in 15th row
Have a "Super" week everyone. "Bowl" diet starts today.
they would love that as they are presenting their semester multimedia projects ;)
so depressing
He's shacking up with Jada Pinkett Smith on some B-rated show..
you are so cute.
Our message is simple......make the best choice you possibly can..... Happy New Year! 2012 is a gift.....BE CHOOSEY!
it's not a huge story, but it's relevant b/c it provides a glimpse of who Mitt is. Something he doesn't give us in speeches.
If u r from Jamaica,but live esle where and r financially sable, can u plz do something for ur community..
Stopping by in Amsterdam by any chance? Proud of you, senor writer! Maybe Europe is your new market!
Lol agree! RT : I realize what I'm abt to say is extremely fat of me, but the worst part abt a stuffy nose is not being able ...
yea its nice, especially naked
Aisha nicole blanks "she own imma get that tatted on my dick.
Ballard has stormed back to make it a game. 3:05 left to play, Scott County's lead cut to 41-35.
Now up is the final presentation session for #umwfa11 Student Careers, Job Bank, and Teaching History Commons
Why is #MentionYourCrush even trending!?
just wondering why we do things;why do cities have #opendata catalogs, contests, hackathons, etc? are these tropes? or bandwagon?
The Yankees are winless, but I'm stilling enjoying the Red Sox season so far. Get that beer and fried chicken back in the club house!
i wouldn't be seen in RED!!
Get ready for some summer fun at Hotel VQ! Exciting news coming soon!
So sad to hear of loss of Adam Yauch, MCA. You were so inspiring. Condolences to his family and friends.
I've been feeling annoyed all day without a clue as to why.
"Where do they live?! Find them!"
Be what you want to be, not what others want to see.
ok, let me get a glass of water and get to typing...I have less than an hour..
im already following them if only u could get them to follow me
for reference, see: last tweet.
oh hey, you lil baby tweeter
Sweet! I'll pass it around.
really needs to FIRE their entire marketing staff... SC3900 was released this morning, and I lost interest about an hr later
Did you have a baby and not tell me?
RT: You may have situations that look impossible. Don't give up. Keep believing for unprecedented favor.
Never have Luck in love ..
There were a dozen cupcakes in the break room here today. That helped.
I think got me sick. I don't know how but I know he did >:/ lol I feel like a zombie. 
side note: it's a good thing I occasionally proof read. Autocorrect had changed "obstacle course" to "obstetrical course"
About to work out.
He said he'd never give up. He said he'd always love me even though I broke his heart... He lied. And now I'm falling apart. Why me?
Good God, Steve. I think you caught someone's bad luck. :/
My 3,000th tweet! #Shoutout to my mom. Mom: I love you. #momsrock RT if your mom rocks, too!
It's better to be married to someone with a good nature than a good physique.
Eating my first this morning (Strawberries & Cream). Um, hi... delicious. Will be eating many more.
Kids can pinpoint their current event every week on GMap/GEarth with pics and summary. Maybe the CE has a theme for the year.
wuts up with dat track ma dude
I want to get a VIP ticket. D:
My morality in a nutshell: maximize free will. Love and compassion are our biggest generators of free will
Lets put an end to that
Its a beautiful day to be cruisin' in my Red Ford Mustang. $$. Who cares GAS PRICES are high. I'm not paying. YOU ARE! HAHA.
Only 2 more days of school! :)
yes we missed u
I bet it was very good.
that's not my name...
ah! We did great in our performance!!!!
Looking for a bartender/caterer licensed in NYC to serve drinks at an internet week party on May 17th. Any leads?
About to edit my first process video for a tee design I did.....Here we go!
*~Tiffaniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii i gotta tellz you something....~*
enjoy your birthday and enjoy a massage for me!!!! That's a direct order ;)) lol enjoy your R&R ....
Too bad they're so few and far between. Besides 711 Press stuff, which is work & play, I read mostly classics for pleasure only.
damn im high
Come see live music this weekend! Jimmy T. Performs tonight 7-11pm. Enjoy classic hits with Mark Croft on Saturday 7-11pm.
I think I'm going to hit the links today...
takes longer to get ready than most girls do... #HurryUp!!
She took me to New York to have my voice evaluated by a great teacher I wouldn't have any of it without her
Mix 1 egg, 1 cup beer, 1 cup flour, dunk cheese curds in it, fry in hot oil! Make 'em at home!
It sounds better in person, maybe because all of the practice? Looks like you'll be getting some more in this Sunday...
Geez...Jim Gray and Bill Walton...can u have a duo that loves hearing themselves speak more??
Cell phones and laptops are dying - we need power cords!
is Sexy rel to Free TV Series onlineFollow my tweets
are you ready to come back to Cincinnati yet?
smh no its not stop lying to yourself
yes! Email me: emily at emilylewisdesign dot com
I thought seeing you hit off the path at 18 was thrilling & was a great effort. Keep up the great play, Mr. Na!
i'm not a veg. Anymoree so no ahaha
Preeclampsia Awareness Month Marked By Preeclampsia Foundation Promise Walks in 36 Cities
Cooking Tip: If you're not using peeled potatoes immediately, place them in a bowl of cold water to prevent oxidation.
KC area, Overland Park to be exact but we had girls from all over the metro. Again, this was 10-12 years ago :)
Going back in da lab
Follow on Instagram for commencement shots. You won't regret it.
or if you're unhappy at work, call the Colorado Solidarity Network. 720-440-CSOL
get back to work and stop hasseling with your computers, let us handle that. Starting as low as $199.00 per month! 512 873-0447
So fucking mad. I seriously can't anymore. I'm so done with school:( i'm just so tired of everything!
Thanks for joining us at Mount Sharon Gardens Mother's Day Tour!! 1800 visited! Proceeds to Preservationva & Boys & Girls Club Orange.
I'm not a fag you are.. goodnight :)
Stern claims deal was for the greater good. He cited those who work at the stadiums and the local business. We aren't stupid
are people peer pressuring you to eat peanuts?
Neither ..... Both Are Equally
This calls for some beer, butterbear!
Just gotta get through this double today then I'm off al day tomorrow.
will you please schedule a second show in Boston or release more tix?
Mayor: imagine what your neighborhood can be and we'll work with you to make it a reality.
I think that its funny how we both had the same idea. I watched her tour tonight as well :D
Doing some serious goofin' at the shop today. Come hang out if you're in the neighborhood. 1726 E. North Ave, Milwaukee.
I am excited about this!!
what did you bring?
we're getting crunk in boystown, how abt u?
Hi!!! :) My birthday was last week...could I maybe get a late Happy Birthday? #405daysuntilIseeyou :))))
Our pig roast is at 1817 Kenwood Dr. Back of the house with the bright orange door. 4-8pm. See you there!
I gotta write this in my room lol smh
WSJ now too? there has to be a better way to do social news than driving it all through a FB app
NO DISRESPECT TO TRAYVON MARTIN...but how can y'all rally for someone y'all don't know...innocent people get killed everyday...
Yes! I like the sound of that!
Do you need a digital video editing project? I heard there's about 20 hrs of raw footage from a certain grad conference.
So funny how circumstances in life changes you in an instance..
Great way to celebrate Opening Day Eve !! What are we enjoying tonight?
Halfway through the 2nd I realized I see the game the way he does and agreed with everything he was saying ... probably because
Happy Valentine's Day!
LOVES to hear that kind of stuff. Do those boys know that book is old enough to be their parents?
Its called the Basketball diaries
My self criticism always seems to get in the way. Maybe I should stop, wait that's another criticism.
I love that your station replays the show! But..any chance you could move it up from 2AM? Swap with Howard show?
Thanks! I'm always amazed at the variety in my set.
Merry Christmas!
im hon gree
Any weekend plans? I need to get the Thanksgiving menu together! -Kristin Burns
Artists Worth The Follow
hello girl thanks for following :)
I used to be one of those girls that loved love and then I escaped NeverLand and came to Earth.
hey it is me sammy hHHhhaha:p alex has a twiter
You made the choice to stay and not go to sleep! So I didn't ruin anything.
Could u pls. DM me an email address? Would love to send you a local family/travel pitch. I don't PR spam or do 'lists' ;-).
Take note. RT : just banned "Everybody Loves Raymond" heds
"We just need to score fifty hundred more points." -- my daughter, the #kubball fan.
come to my friend's party!
korean fried chicken -- seoul sassy
lmao!! I KNOW i ami wonder if i still smell like my moms wagina on the top of my scalp haha
it's worth the wait
laying in bed just like Brian Wilson did
Did you Know ? On September 6, 1870Louisa Ann Swain of Laramie, Wyoming, became the first woman in the U.S. to cast a vote legally .
Something to smile about: We just marked down spring arrivals from , , Schumacher, Joseph, and Fuzzi.
Startup News: Time's NYC 10 in Tech, Rx Sunglasses Online and Amazon's Hot Sister - Betabeat
love you beeb.
keep on readin i aint quitting
i should be playin' in the winter snow but imma be under the mistletoe...(;
cynical as always! :)
Despicable Me
My timeline is full of horny ass guys -_-
stupid, crazy love was freaking amazing. i laughed me ass off watching that xD
Duh because it is a great song =DD
did yall find land n Midland? My husband knows someone that can help! The guy is a preacher out there&knows the whole town :)
I'm hoping that 'creative signage' was from Holy Cacao referencing their CAKE balls?.....
I SAID - of course you're the heart of tweeting!
looks useful..linkage to the article?
Enjoy a FREE afternoon of fun Saturday, April 2, on Morena Blvd 4100 block of Ashton St, showing the movie Its a Wild, Wild, Wild World
Sunday at the Village Vanguard seems like an appropriate listen today
oh em gee! No no no no no no ):
#merrychristmas and a
Shit is about to get crazy here
haha they are good friends of mine, wanna check out some other good music? :)
Brah .... Real folks who R wit UNC enjoyed the Game yes We is Hurt but aah .. Real world > entertainment Eeg Sports Music etc
Heyy . Your Pretty no homo ! lmfaooooo
delayed response. Was out of office last week. This made me laugh tho. Always good to establish creepy factor off the top HA!
Thanks for the Like Mike!
This has been a crappy day and my tap teacher has been on my behind since class started
it was funny how Don Mattingly; who played the position for his entire career was told he was wrong when he argued.
what movie are you going to watch?
Yaaay for me
Still 41-41 at the #PalomarFootball game. Exciting and tense. Saddleback pushing toward the goal line. 1:52 left in 4qr.
Salingers is the bomb. They have 3 of our beers on. Go get a Common Man, Loopy or Skunk there peeps.
Canada is the only country not to win a gold medal in the summer Olympic games while hosting.
What's the world coming to been tweeting LOL!
You should drink a Coke
I lost a follower, which is a huge percentage. Am I that offensive? Jeez!
A backward poet writes inverse
Final edits #MomsRock magazine done! Onto the printers, ready in time for Saturdays #BabyBashBling expo. Thanks
Yea i hear you talking shit but i let it slip cuz im not getting down to your level
loved the android version visualization. Keep up the great work.
Madonna's never shit-talked Gaga, tho. RT : funny how madonna is proud of herself when she is talking shit about gaga ..
favorite pie flavor?!(: lmao
watching Victorious
KLAC is reporting that Peyton Manning for sure will not play in the NFL again!
is looking forward to our outreach concerts tomorrow at the Edison School and the Boston Arts Academy!
I would describe it as full of beauty and magic!
I find it crazy that 2002 was 10 years ago ...
And our #charter cable isn't working again. Hasn't worked right in months. Low signal on mid numbered channels. So frustrating!
Wondering how Kinect would translate the pregnant version of me into an avatar. Thinking it would not be cute.
The truth doesn't make sense, the truth doesn't seem to make sense.
The Aggie game made me think the Texas Longhorns should look into getting one of those, what are they called again, running backs?
RT : Rt ths if U R a teacher or student or parent.Follow 2help raise $ 4 solar panels 4 schools & hospitals
Moon sure is close!
#imhappiestwhen I'm sitting around a campfire with family and close friends, with a drink in my hand.
Getting all settled in after camp. Our April Camp grads were so great!
Lol. Guess he got the hint from me looking away while he was talking. He left. LMBO!!
just now realizing ppl lvg msgs on twitter!
Artist occupations w/ highest projected growth rates: museum technicians and conservators (26%); curators (23%), landscape architects (20%).
I'm in one right now at North Bowl. Will let you know when the next season starts.
Dude you're 12 stop acting like you're the shit. Act you're age, why grow up so fast? There's no rush.. -.-
it looks like i will be voting for a woman for president, again.
Waiting for my first review at new company. Curious to see how I am doing after first year.
love you too! And congrats on tonight man!
Nf she cool:-)
The RUT is in travel mode to Wisconsin for 7th annual Pond Hockey championships Feb. 10-12
Okay :) love you too
they're hacking up a deadman!
Today is the anniversary of V-E Day. Make sure you thank a solider for all of their sacrifices.
but who thought about it first (me)
working on social media stuff
I will. It's kinda hard for me to get up that early. Lol. I usually don't get to bed till about 5-6 am.
Spending time with my beautiful daughter
Gosh,i have Tweeted in forever
what up buddy!
I partially take that back. Would be cool if ONLY the finale was found footage. It would add an immediacy to it.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know my son is my whole world <3
GOOD idea...I think Imma roll with that
I choose to listen to my inner voice....Choose YOU!!
Screw people. I hate them all.
I'm only a month in, and still have a LONG way to go, but I am proud of where I am and wanted to share my story and inspire others :)
We're having our first full production meeting of the semester tonight!
#Visual #Designers - want to be the first creative for a small & quickly growing SF #startup? Web Apps are the key!
Do any other musicians out there talk to their guitars like they're real people? Or am I just crazy...
#PROUDof1D :D forever and ever
interesting...where is "here"?
Who's up for a road trip to Chicago? :) MT : Fried Chicken & Bottomless Bubbly goes all night! Who's in?
With Seacoast Realty in Wilmington, NC and its about to be ON! Step one: Come Alive. Step two: Believe. Step three: Kick some butt!!!
Your honestly the weirdest person I know, and that's why I love you :-)
NEW PORT O'BRIEN EP AVAILABLE TODAY BENEFITTING Doctors Without Borders RELIEF EFFORTS IN HAITI. BUY AT www.portobrien.com
": About to hit this chair massage from #GreatAfternoonAhead" Great working with you! Hope you feel great!
You literally make me smile <3 I love you to death beautiful!
I love 's new song with Damian Marley, but I can't understand a word he's saying.
EVAN ;P what's up? Haha how's your tests going?;p
depends on the political economy of these new "nation state" social networks and who has what rights over what data
I can just pick you up there if you want...do you have your phone? It's easier to text you
Is it bad that I go to buttercooky on a weekly basis?.
this summer fashooo!
Stop stalking me!
At the same damn time
#LinkedInTips: Make your profile interesting, rather than just factual. Add your interests and make post updates.
Oh thts cool.just a normal day in Ohio.terrorists tried to blowup a bridge 15mins from my house.
OSU gets the stop! Should be an interesting end to the game. Why should the end be any different from the rest?
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore : Heinrich Heine says "When words leave off, music begins." -check out the music
Its always a good day when you find money in your pocket.
s/o for being my best friend
Wow...the teenagers had some really inappropriate responses to some pivotal scenes at the hunger games
if u go on eBay I have this picture. Item ID
power is out again. grrr mlgw.
It's nice to have longer days in Europe where the sun doesn't start to set until 9:30 at night. Days seem more productive.
"Try not to become a person of success, but rather a person of value" -Albert Einstein
March 28th is getting closer every day. Have you done your part yet to Stop the Ban and save medical cannabis in San Diego?
the SDCBC does free bike valet at all sorts of events all over town
aww I feel so special :-)
Amazing ppl tnx for the follows
to speak (with a British accent!) about integrating #socialmedia and #seo. hoping for a good session.
Yeah but theres a middle ground between winning and losing 102 games that wouldnt be profitable
I wonder how many lies you told me.
Never thought I would be so happy to get back to a product. So long XP, I will not miss you one bit. Hello again #Windows7 :-)
": IM SINGING TOMORROW AT R&B LIVE!!! IN SHERMAN OAKS, CA AT 10PM!! #TEAMSUPERHERO" :( Wish I was in LA #BOOM!
it's hard to get you to press #FOLLOW button on my case, but I try always 
... Are you on water?
lol a bad gay? Not even your a good gay :3
I always get either niall or Harry on the horoscopes :P lol fine with me(;
I thought for a second this was the last summer I would see my sister all the time. But she's going to the same school as me... lol
send me a copy of that pic please and thank you for making me a beautiful dress to wear at the show. It was perfect!
": RT Chinese/Norwich kicker Long Dick has a tryout with the Jaguars."
the academy is??
I love ah Bytch ta tell me I made her pussy sore after sex! I b like I killed dat shyt lol
thanks, and haha
Charity should begin at home, but should not stay there. ~Phillips Brooks
Jason Marr and Morgan Rowe on KGNW radio at 4:19pm today! Tune in for some Pitmen Painters fun.
I'm probably gonna die from exhaustion from all this lack of sleep.
pimp stroll on em'
The SAID Principle  Specific Adaptation to Imposed Demands
it doesnt matter you smiled!
Plus doing a bake sale at the local "market days" in a couple weeks. What are your bake sale secret weapons? What's hot in your area?
we'd love to! :-D RT : you and should come to chapel hill, nc ASAP... Or Wilmington! 
latte acquired. nametag on. IM queue blowing up with questions.
Dear monday pls tell tuesday 2 tell wednesday that thursday wants 2 meet friday on Saturday by sunday
These geckos need to look org ways before crossing the path! They're gonna get squished (by me by accident)!
thanks for NOT having my back!
Merry Christmas all! One of my favorite presents so far: Giant 6 oz jar of cumin. M. It's like a cheat code for cooking.
Headed to PG Plaza to go check out The Avengers.... and flaked on me so I am riding solo!
Can't wait to go to Nashville!!! Almost time!
:( that sucks Jen
Hope u all had a good day.. dam. Hospital wont let me leave.. lol
Re(imagiNATION) has the brightest color scheme of all time. So excited for summer.
Back in San Diego, albeit briefly: OAK >>> SAN.
Not gonna lie. If I suddenly come into a small fortune, I'd have a cottage in Mendocino and only visit SA for the friends.
Hello agents at Ted Kurland. Anybody have any extra time to dedicate to a promising artist on the rise?
5 cadaver dogs hit and they won't dig I did my job now do yours Justice for Lindsay Wells Simi Ca
Got facial skin pain... Need sunscreen with restorative aspect... Need city that sprays mist from treetops...
hi girl! hope is your December going?
Yes were auntys yay love lilly and melissa
Never drop kick a basketball. It makes it lob sided. Everyone hates that.
We love updates from Team Bookin' It! MT I'm planning my couch to 5k workout routine. I'm running & raising money for
When we find a guitarist, then we'll start scheduling again.
Thanks brahs. I look forward to fucking the internet up with u guys. 140 words at a time. =)
On another note, my foot is asleep. Dying!
me either .... I'm jamming away though. Come help me and I'll go help u!
motivation, experience, and conversational connection
Wow. Just read that Whitney Houston has died at 48. What a tragedy. RIP.
: oh lawd. Shopping demon! Send the rain!!
thats an amazing turnout for those who study abroad. I would encourage all those who want to do it.
RT : #teamdrivn follow and stay tuned for a BIG YEAR
mix is done. Oh shit. Bangin mix. Electro Smash vol VI (Epic Mother F**ker). Will send it later on today.
morning/afternoon! How are you? Lots of love, follow me please??:'-)
what happened?
wow! 285 for Crawford? Can he play 5-technique in 3-4? Really like his game, but I thought he'd be 15 lbs lighter.
Investment types: any indication how quickly broad based index funds will be taking a stake in Facebook?
Kiddo and I off to our own special birthday dinner. I am sporting a necklace & earrings he bought for me at Wal-Mart! Hilarious & sweet.
ala Rex Ryan! F the jets.
funny how u don't wish Peyton happy anything, just state the facts relevant to football personnel
Best I Ever Had by Drake <3.<3 #GoodSong :)
You can have everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want. Zig Zigler
A social twist for #SAP (yes, SAP) with Yammer, in today's by Quentin Hardy ()
CONGRATS CHAR, NO MORE BRAIN SLUG(: Wore my Haters hoodie in honor of today(: xx
and so it starts.... the constant pointless instagram pictures flooding in from people who don't know what they are doing
I understood. but I think can confirm, no LHN in stadium, at least. even if it was a metaphor.
s/o to #follow this girl!
Can you sign the demo CD?!
Turning 19 on Saturday can't wait just think in two more years I'll be 21
Over 2,100 new people are gonna find out about "the 412 Kid" wednesday night. We just did a collab with him today ! Get ready !
Having translated 3 of several hundred pages from .cfm to .php, I am about ready to call it a day of glorious accomplishment.
Miss my her :(
Another great morning of classes!
Thanks for the :)
Fresh start
Never hold back on a hug or a smile. It may be the only sunshine some people see all day :)
i just singed in from a computer and it feels weord lol
wea u gone take that?
Don't just decide where you want to go, decide who you want to become...
follow me on twitter yo
I'm opting for leftover cookies. (Told you I'd come back for round 2!)
Wutz good bro
": you going to be out tonight?" That's the rumor...
It would be nice if someone appreciated a fucking thing.
"Forgiving is not always forgetting, but forgetting is always forgiving"
LaChat had left the building (insider) lol
Al Harrington channeling 2005 Tim Thomas *gets giddy*
This is how we do it...
My bed has never been so happy to see me 
Many, many thanks! That child wouldn't be disappointed if he or she had visited your store in person!
All I hear right now are firetrucks.
Are you ready to get thinner than ever?
Good night everyone!!!
#nowadays Jovon Johnson (nuke) is still yo cousin lol
so much pressure to come up with something witty & insightful! I fear I may have over-promised on this twitter thing
#mithril is probably my favorite hashtag. Also, the silliest.
Enjoying "new" old IBM compy...thanks to fantastic help from Hampton. Now I can once again operate fluently in both languages: Mac & PC!
omg! i haven't seen a tweet from you in forever <3 good to know you're okay!
Enjoyed the open house at #Exacq tonight. Nice to see such growth for this #Fishers business.
Great discounts really help the budget.
oh baby!
Tomorrow in LA: City Council takes a historic vote to cap truancy fees for students...watch for updates from City Hall
yes, very inspiring. New meaning to the smell over in North Las Vegas. Multi millions of dollars of smell.
I thought I was the only one, Rich. Yet, another thing we have in common.
A guy told me that he learned how to spell independence from that webbie song. Lol smh!...
hahaha Twitter is apparently very late on sending my tweets today
First step to seeming creepy at the gym: Eye contact. Second step: More eye contact.
I always thought of Rupaul as a super-fierce freedom fighter.
I'VE HAD THEM ALL DAY AND I CANT SLEEP WITH THEM.
Is there anything better than the smell of toasted coriander? I seriously doubt it.
#ImHopingThat when he serves his time and gets out that we will be able to work out our problems
Let's go Maryland
Night Tweeps. U Ever Go Night Night? Everybody Go Night Night! All Day! By Myself! 1 Bed! 1 Pillow! 1 Duvet Cover! 1 Pajama! 1 Night Light!
it's 2 - 1 Rangers with less than 3 minutes left.
but here's bad news to counteract that, she probably left an unbelievable amount of work
iOS 5.1 now available over the air on iPhone and iPad. But not your new iPad. 'Cuz you can't get into the Apple Store
RT : My arm was jealous of my feet for all their love, so designed a purse, the Rita. Arm is happy!
: whos watching that #moneyfromstrangers too funny bro! Y'all are crazy!
I use my hair to express myself 
RT : has arrived in Hot'lanta to spend some time with the fine folks at
the #avengers was so great! makes one badass villain 
hey, thank you! Will you follow me too? ;)
- good seeing you & ! Thanks for the taste and conversation regarding "over the top".
Without the bitter the sweet isn't as sweet.
We're proud to have the team This is a startup the really values great UX!
i knew it ! <33
fans are insane.
fuckin exams can suck my dick. ms. malone is crazy.
Very chuffed that I managed to get an accepted offer today for my buyers despite the fact that we were bidding against FIVE others parties!
RT : MLB, basically: "We have a fair, balanced, neutral arbitrator on our 3-man panels who we'll fire if he sides with the Union."
He saved Louisville football and created fau coached with the bear but his numbers don't add up.how many back to back good seasons did
go to slp then ho . stop tryna wait for corey to get off work. lol.
Listening in on #shadowgoals all FREE! :-)
Amazing!!! Must watch now :)
Yeah, kind of absurd they didn't. #CarpeDonut in #cville on
They should have an #alwayssunny episode themed around #storagewars and them buying lockers, etc. That would very funny!
Yes. Why on Earth would you want Brandon to win?
Green Day
More for French chocolate lovers @ The Chocolate Library: Aux Anysetiers du Roy, Guy Roux and Michel Cluziel.
Hm pancakes and coffee
Sierra Club San Diego Chapter is now a-Twitter!
I'm going to try this crazy thing they call "sleeping" again. Maybe it'll work this time around.
Going to let tell you about Bridget the Midget (she refers to herself as such...no midgets were hurt in this tweet)
Late night Meijers run, just got home. Reminds me of my high school days! #blastfromthepast #meijersmakesannarborgoround ( )
Loving life :)
I'm visiting! I want to connect you with a friend of mine whos a rising sophomore. I think you'd be a good fit to mentor!!
Interesting Christmas. In the BR airport. Heading to Atlanta for a 2 hr visit w/ my Mom. Then to Indy to visit my daughter. God bless!
thx, bunny knuckles! I might try to call and organize a Thursday night appt in 2 weeks
Branding message, logo, promotion: key to brand consistency in #twitter background.
The fact that it's 2012 and not every politician has jumped on the "equal marriage for all bandwagon" is why I stay away from politics.
RT Douglas Trumbull on experiment on human brain: bell curve shows people most excited by moving images at 66 FPS.
love you & your music, love you on the Grammys, you have to come to Detroit, MI. So I can see you live! #1 fan keep singing.
Pop Legend Whitney Houston Dies at 48
The truth gone heart you
Well, 30 Rock is still done after next year. Parks & Rec may have a future after this year it seems
Your dad says, "go ask your mom." Your mom says, "go ask your dad." Now, you understand double recursion.
I am a published horror writer. Psychologically, no one I work with would last two minutes inside of my skull.
what else is new. Sadly execs in nonprofits are always bringing in that money
your a cutie ;)
please follow me :D 24
do y'all learn anything or why do they suck ! 
They demonized Carl Poston, yet Charles Woodson, Ty Law, Penny Hardaway, etc are VERY wealthy!!
Got taste for a big breakfast but don't feel like ccoking
lol the window hella funny. Dude n u were so passed out haha shanacie I'm leavein all I hear is u go eh hahaha
and again...wow.
above the influence my ass
First time cooks and the fire alarm goes off. Lol
I miss u sis :(
(Feature Films Coming Soon)**
"The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself."
oh maybe it's just the wild kind
And very possibly in part of the old AFWA building, as yet to be determined.
Morrison wants to hear speakers, seconds ppd
Till he returns, or calls me home...here in the power of Christ I stand
My heart goes out to all who have lost loved ones to Mass Effect 3.
Creation in itself testifies there's a God
If you're going to be thinking, you may as well think big. -Donald Trump
Happy Birthday Liz! Wishing you an amazing day! Xo
Just chilling at home listening to instrumetal Deathmole. A good night is being had.
Let's go Kings!
Things girls want from guys: 1. Good morning/goodnight calls. 2. Pictures taken together. 3. Surprises, especially little ones.
life is worth living
seeing Harry's acne makes me feel good about myself lol idek.
I've moved on from grey goose to jack and coke
Once the cat's out of the bag, there's no turning back.
This one works, I used it! I don't have my homework Mrs./Mr.______ because my pen exploded in my backpack destroying my homework.
Listen/ mastering tracks to the next mixtape I'm bout to drop! I just can't wait cuz what I listening to right now.... Pple need to hearASAP
Drizzzyyyyyy Ah Makes My Night Great To See Him,
(cont.) , Thompson Square, Vince Gill, Eric Church, Lady A, and George Strait on their 2011 Grammy nominations!
Can I teach at Oxford? I'd like to meet Inspector Lewis.
Mike cld outrun any db we had on the roster & his tackling attitude on the field was well-known. Bobby Boyd All-Pro CB Colts fmr Assis Coach
Totally is inspired by the small things in life!!! simple joy and pleasure.
TATI SAYS THANKS FOR ALL THE FAN MAIL AND LOVE SHE IS RECEIVING FOR HER SONG LOL
when are u going to learn?!!!
Bad Tweetiquette to shout. : DOESN'T #SHEP KNOW MAJORITY OF YOUR VIEWERS REJECT #SSM.. #etc #freedomfever #obama
Relieved to know that James Moustafellos is speaking Greek and I didn't just become disoriented.
Me too...RT : so bummed that you won't be joining us down at the Key West Songwriters Festival!! :-(
WithoutDelayBand.com is up and running in 3 months we wil have the high tech site but for now check it out!
the biggest issue has been this idea that rigid adherence to ideology trumps the good of the country. thanks FOX,
RT Action !! Can you handle it ?
This was a move i would have liked to see Roenicke make on Monday with estrada.
iPad typing is absolutely feasible. I'm up to around 65 words per minute on mine.
thank YOU. it was a really great segment. please, you have an open invite on the show if you're ever in town.
good luck at Keeneland this Saturday. That's the Fenway Park of horse tracks. Still pissed they switched to Polytrack, though
no, not even sure what it is... Sounds like something that would further my disappointment in humanity. >_<
GOT TICKETS FOR ONE DIRECTION!
TONS of new #Designer items being listed! Visit my #boutique www.callawayconsignments.com thanks to my wondeful client,
Overbought asparagus for Easter and now expect intestines to be permanently saturated w/ asparagus pee smell. Will drink Febreeze for lunch.
I love New Brunswick. Makedas restaurant is my fav.
connor maynard's voice is gorgeous.
Right now I am watching videos of myself on YouTube, one after another. Wow, I am talkative!
No podcasts today? I'm sure I'm the 3252743th person to ask.
If Your Not Following Mc Eiht Then Your Just Not #West Enough "Which Way Iz West" And Brand New #CMW Album Co ...
what goes around comes around like a hula hoop
Man, who knows how many #Twitter followers I'd actually have if I quit reporting
I love Selection Sunday.
9 yr old Cy has been on a steady MITM kick for a few weeks. V funny. (Ps, you're kind of a glamour babe)
Young Preezy is so cute, adding himself to all the other Preezy bios. They are all Composite Preezys now.
well I hope you had fun :) get some rest!
Good Morning Beautiful People: Rise and Grind and Happy First Day of Spring.
Something about finding candy wrappers in my suit jacket makes me sad. It's like, really, I can't lay off the Snickers even when at work?
And General Washington said "the '12s are in. And all the '11s must go, go GO!"
I actually think that works best- peer to peer interactions RT : Let them hang out. They will learn anyway.
CASTING ALERT - Do you look like Ray Liotta? (6' tall, salt & pepper hair, 190 lbs) if so contact Pat Moran and Associates
don't hesitate. it really is amazing.
Me too! RT : So excited for the #Tech11 craziness today!
Indeed...pay the man.....
haha hashtag racist is just strange to see. I always knew you had it out for Lin.
Hi Lara, I enjoyed your ABC article on gluten intolerance. Are you planning anything for Celiac Awareness Month in May?
thank you!!
flyin home to Chicago !
all 4 corners of sunset/highland = 70 library rally peeps! Please join us!
The hospitality of the cosmopolitan S.T.K. Second to none , great staff.
Senators trooping to mic to support literacy bill before final Senate vote.
my phone poppin right now .....
oqcvde : transaction account guarantee program project 2000 ...
Rob Jamieson, outgoing #LPCO secretary did a great job introducing the Management Board at
February 13th, Galentines Day, is about celebrating lady friends. Its wonderful, and it should be a national holiday.
I once paused over a Rene Auberjonois action figure. Wished it was from "Benson." Or "McCabe and Mrs. Miller."
Thx for the shout out! You Rock :)
Bad Bad Meow is playing at Beat Kitchen on Thursday,at 10pm 5/3/2012
I feel like death. I have to get my Vitamin C on and hopefully feel better. I think sleeping just kind of kills me when I'm sick.
Filming an NBC Summer Olympics promo today. Currently watching someone steam a Canadian flag.
So the Orioles are history?
Hahaha. I'm good now. Not so much this morning. #KeepCalmAndCarryOn #ItsAllGoodInTheHood :)
#happynewyear and you too, !
M! Chocolate chocolate chip ice cream :) You make me fall in love with you more and more every day!
At least the Marlins know how to tank well, the Padres aren't even good at that
n i dnt want you to be nice to me, be real with me... k? u wont have any problems outta me ...
James Harden is your #NBA Sixth Man of the Year.
That one is a crowd favorite!
RT : The ballplayer who loses his head, who can't keep his cool, is worse than no ballplayer at all. Lou Gehrig
Chapter 1: news of a car accident
SHOVE IT!!
Nice, I knew you would like it!!
yeah i lied...picked it up yesterday but i've been meaning to tweet it bc i obviously want khloe to see ha!
I received the books a few weeks ago. They look quite good. Will be reading in the next few days. Thanks again.
Alright, shameless self promotion: The Motorz and Shot to Hell Saturday night at the High Noon Saloon. 6pm
#ThatOnePersonWho you wish would come back into your life regardless of how they hurt you...
Hello from the Kevin Hayden Band!
Oh that's good...I'm so stealing that idea from you.
Awesomenauts is indeed awesome. I'm not a fan of MOBA games but this is pretty damn fun.
wish Gtze was in this match, Haupt Dortmund!
Night every body sleep tight don't let the bed bugs bite
my head is still hurting though, so we will have to see how long this lasts- hopefully not long
man I fucks with you! I miss you yo!
if you are a small business leader, message me. i'm new but i have some ideas to market my MLM to small business owners globally...
High Skies, Cooler Days,= Slower Bites, Down size to Jethro Karlie or Jethro Ellie Mae, slow down your retrieve & expect a sublte bite.
Subway or Clabbers Girl?
wow. Someone fire the trainer, he's not using enough medical tape!
What's poppin houston,TX in ya city trying to party for my bday so wat it dew
Aww. We love to help however we can! Break legs with the reading! Psst - Young Artists Rock!
The Southwest Section PGA Annual Meeting was REMARK-ABLE! Go to our Golf Realty Network FB page to see the pics.
Check out 's Twitter page to see some answers to fan questions! #HCRfanQs!
Hiya Todd!! Thanks for following me on this little thing called Twitter! =) Have a nice night!
Hey, I've been a bit busy.
Getting to know cool Drupal theme from as I develop site for Marylanders for Offshore Wind Power. (Fusion-based theme, Skinr)
No, wait. I'm just kidding omg.
A low life!
Fleury has now made two HUGE saves for the #Pens. This game could easily for 3-2 despite the #Flyers only having 9 shots.
it's so good! Haha the pizza's huge tho
Just bought Fight Club the book and A Clockwork Orange on dvd :)
I like the second one
Just saw a burrowing owl on the side of the road. They occupy prairie dog burrows.
yes, yes and yes :) I teach and perform...couldn't have one w/out the other!
What night are you trying to come out? We are doing a big party this Sunday for Presidents day at Dirty Bar!
no not quite lol that sounds like a PA dear
I'm really luvving the green dream house especially the kitchen! Wonder what the property taxes are in the Atlanta suburbs. Any1 know?
Still alive for you love.
I been eating cereal allday Imma turn into a Reese's puff
It is good to burn incense and read aloud to the snowflakes.
and Britney Spears!
my day is complete replied to one of my tweets, now if only would give me some love.
OH MY LORD!! is on inside edition today!!!!
And one more big THANK YOU to , where we mastered most of this new catalog!!
You showed me that a long time ago.
I miss talking to you the way we used. Everytime I want to message you on twitter something stops me. I miss you.
Just killed 7 billion people on pandemic 2.5
Remind me to tell you about my half-baked Occupy the Playa idea sometime
Yes! definitely!! it would be awesome! should follow me (:
Huge come back by the Celtics in the 4th: down 6 only with 2:50 to play!
Go to contacts; pick your contact; press edit; then scroll down to bottom and delete contact. Viola!
BREAKING: Beltline Traffic EB is slowed b/c of a fire near John Nolen and Rimrock. If you're in the area & can safely take photos please do
Dan says, "I could drop you off in here for a whole day and it's like day care." Re: Anthropologie
that means a lot ruby!
Check out Looking to rethink schools w tech use.
Missed hanging out wit her :)
Thanks for the RTs today!
also someone bought the movie rights to it already. talk about one x-rated movie!
#3wordstodescribeme Anti-Abductions Experts.. Check out our site at www.nationaldt.com
or might be *too* relaxing ha! srsly tho, it's like halloween in weho:fun the 1st time, not so much the 2d,3d,etc
Thanks for the RT !
yeah sounds good! :)
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. -Nelson Mandela
: Complete this sentence... 'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel _beautiful___' 1DHQ x
Robert Shiller UK is in trouble due to another GDP decline and continued AUSTERITY, headed there next wk for a talk
This headache though<<<<
Bitch ii no myii abc's
- i understand what he's going through. i have many things wrong with me and i can't afford to see a doctor or even get a prescription.
Elf is the best christmas movie ever.
Half the way to go
morgan freeman so eloquent and funny accepting the cecil b demille award #goldenglobes Brilliant man
Again, I apologize for the UK fans that use poor judgment, they do not speak 4 all UK fans. I wish you nothing but best of luck.
Cards need to take advantage and get this win tonight and tomorrow
that was during a break...the concert was the best rap show I've seen in years
u know i hate people
Under 187.5 New Orleans vs Portland. Not the Under in Denver & again I'm final in the NBA. Good Luck!!!
Crowd-source question for the foodies: what are some must-read baking blogs? Either local or afar.
Autumn = awesome! Pumpkin Painting n' fresh-popped corn today. 4-8 pm in the Village.
so tired
ate too much candy at the movies, mouth so salty
Wow. Is it 2003 again?? LOL
Email us at to jump on this huge profit streak!
Total HR's collectively hit by every Padres player in Petco in 2012 - 6 HR's hit by Braun by himself in one game tonight at Petco - 3
I hate that nasty feeling after laying out in the sun
I was named after Nia Long .
specks of paint all over my body and in my hair. doing some real labor
I know where the sidewalk begins.
One week from today! Do you have your tickets yet?
My prayers and condolences go out 2 Sean Kingston and his family
If someone broke out into a song randomly like they do on musicals, i'd join them.
35 million gone. 33 million infected. 30 years of AIDS. Not an anniversary to be happy out. Some day, we will find the cure...
Pardon the swag. Weezy!
Good morning to my talented n loyal follower lol
can we switch? Me be a floater and you work with this seat filler that I'm stuck with
haha u want that quick put on.. That's the only reason ppl listen to that d-bag
hope all is well and that you are in good spirits...
Oh how I'll need a Bud after this day. I'm starting to think Budweiser is to life like Gatorade is to a workout
What time do wasps go to sleep, I wonder. Waiting with bug spray to get this nest right outside my door.
Bitch just said "you can't give the ten bonus points to the hippies who don't know shit" clearly us hippies know shit if we won the points
Good first performance tonight!! Thanks to for coming even though I didn't get to see you! :)
good imma pass :)
Let's just hope Danny's wood is bigger.
I will never regret having my engagement at Driscoll dining hall, even if the relationship didn't work out.
I did the rural area above Portage(Moundville) for the recall signatures, very different, but fun for me...
It's like Regis on "Who wants to be a Millionaire"? saying "We'll be right back with the answer"...with 3 days of commercials. GRR SUSPENSE
Tons of shows in the Twin Cities this weekend, what is everyone planning on going to?!
Love him or hate him, LeBron was the MVP this season. Well deserved.
scraps counter proposal includes 1st class out of town travel 4 me & the man + a meat locker full of cold cuts. all non-negotiable.
Chuck talking about there are too many fat asses out there,he forgot to look in the mirror.weight watcher evidently ain't wking for him lol
Agreed... RT : Loved the NFL commercial. Well done, and fun nostalgia.
thanks for the follow-back, love!! Hope you like our music :)
Congratulations and family! What a great name for a great big little guy! I'm glad everyone's healthy and happy!
all respect to ironman favre...and no real thanks to bush or brees...SAINTS TO THE BOWL---it's a new age!
It's okay. Just us drunk night owls.
just out of curiosity.. What is your klouche score?
Reading chapters 9&10 in The Giver for homework. This book is messed upp! Lol
Peaceful week over. On our way 2 get kids from camp. Now considering boarding school.
I haven't been to this clinic in like 2 months :o
My whole body hurts
did you know Mark before the show. Or any cast members
well where the H. were u for eight hours???
hey miranda you can speak really german ?
I wish you'd understand how much you mean to me<3
aight cool im checking that 1 out..
FYI: "fast" is only a good attribute for a NASCAR bio
RT Good News, my foot has healed and I can jog again. Bad News is my foot has healed and I can jog again. <<<Love the logic, lol
too easy-
Shout out to my amazing sister !!!!! Go follow this beautiful girl.<3
Whats your favorite christmas song?!?!
I try and do my thing
Thank you for following me! Made my birthday that much better :) For your birthday let's go swim with the dolphins?! I'll pay!
We design custom QR codes based on your company's logo, image, font, and colors. Tweet us your QR code questions! We'd be glad to help!
1 of the girls in are group use 2 be ur student at Attucks and she said ur so honest and talented and that ur very encouraging
Sad news this week. First Junior Seau, now MCA of the Beastie Boys. Rest in Peace.
no you are!
good call. What round are u thinking? Or maybe they use one of their 2 fourth rounders on him?
RT : "Apply to be part of the committee to appropriate ~$6 million from the sale of the KTRU resources" Yay. Can I buy #KTRU?
Unlock creativity: comes in someway from distraction. Develop theme, use theme for mental games. Open brain to possibilities~Rohde
This will be our first "special meal" when we get to Oz. Thanks, for the inspiration.
Loved the bet awards my fav part is when justin bieber came out best bet awards ever ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Today was another good day!
When ur young ur delight is friends, but when u grow up ur delight is family and money......so I don't mind my circle being small...GWS
Yeah, LeBron was the MVP, and I don't think it's even close.
We have contract & no-contract plans, the main difference between those two plans is that you'll be billed $35 for a no-contract.
No I haven't yet.
World Peace is essential.
I don't think school is a good idea anymore I need to think of myself first maybe take a year off
I'm really tired of my mind being cloudy.
that's exactly what I was thinking
it's not complaing I'm statein the facts<33 haha but u try writing without ur middle finger
- indeed - why didn't he give the initial speech? Would have been SO much better
No More YOLO its all about F.I.S.H (Fuck it, Shit hurts)
The US will let you out, right? It's Canada that won't let you in.
Invite codes sent last night/this AM should now be working (and now good for two sites!). Sorry for any confusion. Launch away!
On way to Lincoln Square tree lighting
my new favorite thing....picking a song a day and dancing my butt off to it in my socks....tom cruise style. Totally happening right now
Sitting around with a bum right hand, killing time.
Thank you! I am trying to do all this code myself and honestly have no clue what I'm doing :) Your blog is super cute!
I can't verify my email. I've typed in the correct address but Disqus won't send a verification. I get "Oops! We could not reach..."
Prom season is around the corner and the buses are going fast. Don't miss out on our special, which includes dinner with the 10 hour package
Was in class today and my teacher had their iTunes on the board and guess what song they had? What Makes You Beautiful!! :D
What's a guy gotta do to get some followers, huh?
I don't understand it lol but being nice to ppl here doesn't seem to work
I'll be the Romeo, you play the Juliet. The sun won't set, until you appear. Cause I know you're the one, my love, my love.
Behind scenes photos are always fun!
tis the season!
so true!!
It's the last day of the Home and Garden show - your last chance to enter our free furnace giveaway!
oh hey look its me! :P lol jk
Wait, what?!
That had a tinge of GARBAGE to it,
Who mentioned Butterfingers? I freaking love those things! a coffee shop where I grew up made the best BF milkshakes
All jokes aside, Denver played extremely tough. I knew it was going to be brutal but not this tough. I had Lakers in 6.
They change twitter just as much as you change you mood!! #ALOTTTT!!!!!!
More relationships would last if people treated the ones in their house as well as or better than the way they treat those outside the house
Just a couple more days to reserve space at the Stroll into Spring Progressive Dinner
Make sure that you are drinking plenty of water to stay hydrated as you are out with your families with this gorgeous weather!
Wonderful and Congratulations!!!! <3
Watching jersey shore
Girl I tell myself this all the time! Lol 
Ive noticed this strange klanging flange sound that must be picked up by the rim or crowd mics whenever games in memphis are aired
no. im not into fruit and pastries together. it's gross to me :P so my opinion is stupid
why it wouldn't be worthwhile.....
ABOUT TO GO H.A.M.at Orange Julius.
Happy Flag Day. Display Ol' Glory!
looks more red than orange
I just want to say that you are a really AMAZING woman!
Lmfao RT I'm already knowing...he smashed!!!
I'm never staying at your hotels. I had a reso and even called to confirm. You can't overbook like airlines!!!
I finished my song last night!!! =]
"If you're not a white girl, then why do you dress like a white girl?" My FORMER favorite bartender. Who thinks I look like an art student.
What to do
It seems we have a VERY active baby.
Arrived in KittyHawk4screening tmrrow night-Thinking what more Punk than the WrightBrothers?That was thinking outside the mainstream :)
Our histories are written by those who remain...
Movie was hillarious with Kylee.!! Can't wait to do it again!
That's fantastic Kyle. Does N.E.P.I.C. have a website yet?
As Jamison leaves the #Cavs hope that he did a better job mentoring here than w/ JaVale McGee, Nick Young, Andray Blatche, Javaris Critteton
thank you for your kind words :)
My favorite artist of the week
Valentine making station in the breakroom. Smh,
This right knee is giving me the blues right now. Been sore for about 2 weeks.
HEY CHASE......Me and the HUBBY LOVE U.....Keep it up...!! Especially with The BOW-TIED DWEEB.........!!
ok it's next fri Starts at 7 here by my house. Team has to split $100. Then is $15 all you an drink. You both in?
Man killed by fallen tree, dam u beavers.
Congrats to the Phoenix Coyotes...Pacific Divison Champs! #WhiteOutBaby!
Yeah he also demands that gov't "get out of the healthcare business" but is rabidly anti-abortion. So much for freedom!
I just walked by you, there! I was the girl coming in - was texting my bf that they had blue marble ice cream - so excited!!!
Headed to lake Poway for a nice Sunday hike!
Well said My friend RT : I never make promises that I plan to break. My "word" is something that I seriously value.
your birthday is all that matters to me today. happy day!
You know you're depressed and self-destructive when McDonald's seems like a good idea.
profile picture won't change either!
I'm effin hungry
your beautiful! 
spill the beans! spill the beans!
Does this mean there is a reconciliation??
thank u i no
Goodnight world. :)
Did you drag him?
"Curating my Twitter" will be my new
please do!
teachers who use #flipclass - what do you use to annotated over your videos?
Salud! : Arriba! Tequila gracias. Viva Cinco de Mayo! (translation: our child just fell asleep).
My teacher "This is such crap this day sucks" story of my life coach holly..
New mala bracelets & necklaces now in stock! Used for focusing the mind in meditation & prayer. Come in & check 'em out!
Watching your kids learn new things > learning new things yourself
Grinding like a skate border
Dear #Netflix is trending today. Netflix has lost two of my DVD's recently. Higher prices = better customer service?
Chris Mann. 
listening to podcast. Looks like fenfranklin changed pic. Guess I'll have to check out ksr. Priceless.
After today I'm reconsidering allowing myself to tweet before noon.
Thanks for mentioning the article, Brian; it's much appreciated! Let me know if I can ever help you.
is that at the mall?:)
Love the post! And the pics! You've set the bar high, lady! :)
Pilot season is kicking my butt!
Over 100 followers already. Thanks for following guys! Now don't forget to promote and go like their fb page!
Went to the dance with him. Best Night Of My Life.
I am fine = I wish you know how I feel inside.
its ok. Am proud of being raised in two countries. UGANDA and SWEDEN. :-)
i'll give you all i've got to give.
Hate that I gotta work right now on the release of #PutItDown for gotta go in when I can
How you gone talk shit about someone and be their best friend the next day...
that stat has its flaws
Is Ashton wearing teva sandals? Ok now he is even more lame
Talk this morning with Mel Chin, Swoon, amongst others was inspiring; New Orleans will continue to rise as an art epicenter.
Thinking about oral history and digital preservation
Remembering that you are going to die is the best way I know to avoid the trap of thinking you have something to lose
Since DH & I can't seem to get a date night on the books; we r keeping our sitter an extra hour today to have a happy hour together :)
wow. Really? Man im old. Hes good. Getting big and VERY talkative
Thanks for the RT & support! Hope you enjoy the weekend.
Three hour Online TA meeting this morning.
thanks for the follow :)
If her period only comes at the end of the sentence, she's too young for you bro! Lol
holy rain
i'll direct message it
Wow can't believe #whitneyhouston is dead...so sad she had an amazing voice
#2WEEKS till "iPhone" premieres on VEVO!
What better way to spend the first night of summer than making a diss stroll
"For the past 3 years, email newsletters and alerts have been the number 1 source of information for hill staff, esp. morning"
Ed is jesus.
you Da Man!
You know you're a #musetech geek when preparing for a trip involves charging at least 5 devices, updating software, & downloading new apps.
Stupid phone sent variations on a tweet three times. Apologies.
YOU ROCK!
IM RIPPED N THESE NIGGAS TALKIN BREAKFAST
I know that, just feel bad about you having problem.
what the flying gammebrs
#ThingsThatMakeMeSmile when sees this tweet and goes imma RT this chick and Follow her(; <3
Ok I'm following you now!
Julia:Hey Nicole you should draw Chad for Gwen. Me:Who? J:Chad. That guy? Or Chazzam. Whatever his name is. Me:Chuck? Her: Yeah.
we agree! There's always something to be
Sparkes and freeway can dance to the beach boys at their wedding!
Going my dads this weekend. Meeting with the School. Hoping to get transferred.
thanks dude!
which app did you use before instagram?
thank you! You too. Its been a great day
LSU Tigers fall short in bid for sweep of Georgia Bulldogs
haha, yeah sorry about that. Lots of great stories out this weekend, and were excited too. Thanks for looking.
Hi Garry, thanks for following. Nice dog blog! We would love to hear some of your stories.
German Club Exchange today was great! I love my fellow clubmates <3
Give me some Ty Burrell for the win! He has to work with Julie psychovomit Bowen
Your emotions are the most present-centred thing you have.
Hoping for some artisanal balsamics this rainy weekend...
So dumb. All of you.
Enjoying the new ride...
It's difficult to follow your dream. It's a tragedy not to ~ Anonymous
joints dope fam! Did you want a 16 or did you want me on the whole joint?
Sleep well young Coco. xo
Again, what does that have to do with the killing if Trayvon Martin? What's your point?
U know you're interviewing a farmer when the interview is wrapped up before 6 a.m. ... Tommy Speer knocked off UFC vet in Iowa on Saturday
Angelina Jolie - let us not forget she french kisses her brother. Pretty, but come on....
what is up :p
Thx for the follow Kudos to your team for making children & families a priority in federal policy and budget decisions!
. We are pretty sure you're not at #ala10 since if you were, you'd now we're at #aladanceparty last night and at #aladrink now.
perfect!! Can't wait :)
lmaoo don't worry Kim I'm on my way !
I never seem to get it done at night. If its gonna get done, its in the morning.
If I was I dinosaur i'd be a licalotapus!
Q6 this was a big gap at my public library, most of our homeschooler outreach was one-on-one, would have liked to see programs
Hey, thanks for the follow!
Happy Easter Everyone!!!
ill break down and cry.
great presentation on social media student strategy, love advocates of all the power that being social brings!
oh my.... Maybe hess... Busy
cc #stilltheloveofmylifetho RT : Truth RT : I hate when someone's inconsistent with their texting.
It is time. For cheese bread. And it is so freaking good. $6.99 delivered NOW until close. 812-332-8696.
Fix for Intel's flawed chip to cost $700m
omg me to.... I LOVE Craig's voice <3
Our upcoming exhibition will be presented in a specially designed space within s new MacGorman Performing Arts Center & Chapel.
In what ways will dialog be encouraged? Sometimes it's hard for off-site Twitter pals to think of a question.
Today begins week one of another round of #P90X. Chest and back workout.
I don't think my boss has seen me on facebook once. I've lost count how many times he's seen me with a picture of a bike up though.
I bet he misses you.
Scanner Monitor: Illiff and Revere injury accident
miss the big sexy! will see you soon!
In the book of life, the answers arent in the back. -Charlie Brown
All of our newly remodeled guest rooms feature refrigerators and microwaves.
I sent u my new number
it's 7:30 where i am and im awake
lo lamentas? A mi me gusto
thank you:)
........ It would seem like it is clear... But this is far from easy..... QT wit da baaabyy tonight
I know. It's annoying!
I really enjoy this Bubba Watson dude.
Whoops! That wasn't meant to be public yet! I'm posting the final version soon.
you look at me like you hate me, when i didn't do shit.. all i did was tell you straight up how it was.
I get so excited on my bday :)
I heard that in eckhardt tolle's book - is that your source?
Comedian David Alan Grier at Cobbs Comedy Club (SF) this Thursday (11/3-8pm)
About to tweet some #imagine tweets, starring Justin Bieber..! :)
": Wife just hit start on Friday Night Lights...not sure I'm ready for this."//::spontaneous weep of joy::
Don't be in a rush to drop music. Take your time with it. FYI!
#WeWereCoolUntil you decided not to trust me and trust a shit talker...
mention me :*
SO EXCITED FOR THIS WEEKEND
Ravens NEED better pass rush!! WTF is wrong??
Making brown sugar bacon waffles for dinner with
Heading down to #fitcto day 2! I'm talking #creativeJS typography things at 2:15 in the lounge. It's going to be fun! :)
sounds interesting, what time are you looking for attendees to participate?
nope.. Just like voice-mail and answering-machines ...Nothing to hide.. Thanks for your opinion...
Cast as a Police Officer in Crime Scene Csri! Caint wait!
I hadn't heard that one yet. Really good song.
finally replying some of the comments on my "call me maybe" video(:
Although our company colors are Blue/Orange, it is just coincidence! GO Bronco's!!
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. -- Confucius
There's nothing that gets my heart racing faster than hearing my alarm as someone's ring tone 
Which crew are you rooting for this entire season? :)
How bad is it that there are still about 4 girls in my grade that I have NO idea what their names are?..
I got that e-mail from them, too! It made me nostalgic.
i one night her u must like her
Headed to Sea Ranch today woo woo!
where are we going? ;-)
Hello to all our new followers! You are the BEST! We only need 7 followers to get to 1k! would u give us a RT?
Sometimes a girl keeps going back to a guy who treats her bad, because she's not ready to give up hope that maybe someday he'll change.
Group race, er um ride tomorrow. New SRAM tt force group gets a 80 mile test ride.
Making my grand Twitter debut!
Sliding to ihop after class
Heading to Atlanta for the weekend
where you at
No lead safe at Coors Field.
Awwwwwwready #letswork RT : Me & need to shut down mojoes together one more time!!!
Show up at my job n fuck me on my lunch break!!! Ijs!
But it's so easy.
aha found the entire cast of the hunger games on instagram :D and they aint fake:))
Interestingly enough I've been using the web client a ton recently due to the retweet and list features that have been added.
What a Friday
oh yeah, for the DH mixer, I was definitely taking notes! First time I've heard from the student cohort! Go English grad students!
good you never let me know bout the case
Assume that's a typo, though sure Handler will be "out there". Maybe even "far out"?
:K love!
Best magazine I have read cover to cover in forever (february) The Oprah Magazine.
RT : Only 4 box seats left for our Mother's Day matinee of Romeo & Juliet. Treat your mother to a view like no other......
Screw you Daniel Bryan
Just cuz someone flirts doesnt mean they like u, just cuz someone likes u doesnt mean they love u....not everything is the way u think it is
That awkward moment when you trip infront of the guy you like.
#holiday1kiss deffinately throw a last minute christmas party......so much more fun! :-)
is anyone watching x factor? What is up with rihannas long nasty nails.......EEEEEEWWWWW!
The new stuff will be so kick ass!
Is it too early for nachos?
Ready to lay down
Sympathy or Empathy at Work? What's The Business Benefit?
Mizzou is a force to be reckoned with in the NCAA tournament. Anything less than a Final 4 appearance will be a complete failure.
you're right. Muahaha.
Pls help #RyanKennedy he's. A young cancer patient & we should get this 2 trend as well
Spring is Here with horticulturist Deb Weisman at the German Branch on March 29th at 6:30pm. Pre register online or call 271-5144.
RT : Congrats again to for moving onto round 2!
Will do! Help spread the word!
fake bitch
hey amigo reach out to She does all our booking.
letting the past have the power to ruin the future,
you will be a twitter maven now!
Hmm if I leave the club now I can still catch late nite...
do you wanna go back on tinychat please im bored please
You can help in making your grass healthier, prolonging the life of your turf with Sergios Landscaping lawn winterization...
% of Xmas purchases online versus in store this year for us? Around 80/20. Feels like opposite from last yr. Convenience and time savings.
#motivation "The loss of only a few pounds can give unbelievable energy"
Harbaugh: "I could have been more clear that I was referring to those viewpoints."
So beautiful & peaceful.
please follow me I love u !!!!:)
really?! it's fate. we should have a one-on-one book club meeting!
Did this bitch really just say we gonna have a threesome? HAHA HELL NAAAA
Great question. Give me a call in my office to discuss. I'm always available for my team. Thank for your input.
Thanks for the #Follow shoutout. Enjoy your weekend.
that's what must've happened to mine, too.
A3: I mostly collaborate with my MarComm team, but also program side.
just saw that will be releasing a new album this summer! Cannot wait!!
Okay Hammer, u got your wish so I EXPECT POSITIVITY FOR THE ENTIRE DAY!!!
World Tourist day is observed on September 27
#MusicFlow till i fall asleep. Night Twitter folks. :)
Don't forget to being a donation for the if you are going to our concert tonight at !
Everybodys hair got longer. Nice hair everybody.
I am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a Friday.
it's just another Saucy Sunday.
The way is handling the #bigShow, reminds me of how handles the interns.
MT Best apps/tools are ones that allow you to use the Internet to get off the Internet(ie meet your neighbors, find new places)
what do you mean *going* to form? mwah ha ha ha.
if anyone experienced an issue in Magento where the imported product image was not set to default. We found the solution.
yeah cause i can do the same shit on FB homie
My mom is so drunk.
Valentine'sDay Tip for those attempting to bake their 1st Red Velvet cupcakes: Your kitchen will look like a crime scene.
#BelieveINTransit RT : "What's next?" for Indy. I have an idea. Care to guess? Jim Irsay like twitter recognition for correct...
If by now you haven't noticed that I'm falling for you that just show's the type of girl that you are,and your not the one for me
Apparently everyone's going to write Benny's name in for pres. tomorrow. LOL, anyone over Sterling.
Operation: Senior-Skip-Day-But-Act-Like-It's-A-College-Day is in session.
you forgot to say don"t lie now you will never know the truth
it's like we're connected through beer!
Gucci Louie Prada!
i feel so bad for #japan! so sad.
KEVIN BACON.
What's worse, I'm still picking it out of my teeth!
all of this 'follow them and i follow u' crap is bombing my tweet feed get over urself and find a new hobby
If Wayne sell a millie in one night, he will be the first rapper to get his star on the side walk as a rock star!
I might :O
And it's time. I never thought the decision would be this difficult ... Which dress will I say 'YES!' to? =T
just checked, we're still working on it. We'll let you know!
when I type @ and your name it doesn't come up...so I just typed it anyway and worked so I deleted it.
wats up boss
I guess not...
I Guess Hiring Gang Bangers To Pass Out Free Samples Wasnt The Greatest Idea.Here Take This Otherwise Ill Punch You In The Face.
people automatically hate me, and that's ok because i automatically hate people.
Awesome! Bring on the race photos! Can't wait to see them :)
Got some edgy stuff in the works for SXSW 2012! Can't wait. Always a good time & very profitable.
The faster my followers catch up to my following,the quicker deals will appear.
I'm talking about the article about Paleo diets. He is clueless. I don't have enough characters to craft a full response here.
thanks! Definitely excited about it.
Omg, she is so annoying
I can't lose bitch im so use to winning....bang bang
Affiliate Marketing is being Monopolized
Count me in for the Pittsburgh Vintage Grand Prix Rallye :-)
There'll come a day when you can laugh back at people who laugh at you today.
I'm more afraid of not having any. RT #Actors, this is important stuff! Take a look & don't be afraid of your money!!
This just made me so sad. RT : SUDDEN REALIZATION: TMAC STILL HASN'T GOTTEN OUT OF THE FIRST ROUND.
Looking forward to next weekend in Austin,TX... Great tourney, my man from Dallas bringing D Will Elite Metro Mustangs.. Tourney will b hot!
"They are the gracious gifts of the most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins, hath nevertheless remembered mercy."
so pumped for ur Unplugged Album:) 30 days left
Tennis Racket Discount: Wilson US Open Junior Recreational Racket
#America: The Land of the Fatties and the Home of the Bigots.
yeah i believe so lol thanx for asking
P created n issue & now is railing against it. What a 'Con Job' !!!
ooh, cool! (: coincidence!! :D
Thx & welcome to more new followers! &
get it mama!!
Luv is not A JErRY-CURL.Put Sum Activator on everything curln up right 4 us.solve issues in a adult manner were rentin our Bodies from God.
top ten teams in men's and women's basketball, baseball, men's tennis, and cheer leading. Good try though.
Getting the party started at the High Noon. Happy birthday
congrats. 111 wpm is AMAZING. Most people don't even believe the iPad can handle touch events that fast!
Wiz Khalifa killed that Chewy remix. One of his best songs ever...
Back in Lexington, KY TONIGHT! At The Green Lantern... Hopefully UK wins or we might need protection
its also I gift bro support is real important
yes. I wish you were there!!
Representing on my new fancy internets phone
Learning to use #Audacity. If someone knows of a straight-forward tutorial, please point me in that direction. Much appreciated.
thanks i try *struts stuff*
I need to check your house for termites soon. Email me to set appt. if you are in Madison, G'ville, or H'ville - or somewhere near there.
hello asa may you please follow me buddy you are cool and i love your acting
DREAMS FOR SALE: sell them to you cheap Reality can be expensive
Everyday for me ..
come out to our 80's event @ Gold inside Aria #savethedate August 19th :)
If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
of the morning? Does love shine in your eyes?
Thank you Rachel, you are always so sweet! :)
You the bomb always. I'm a fan. You looked beautiful on 106 & Park. You were such a lady. :)
hahaha me too. But im rlly nervous cuz its my first year in high school & its a rlly big school :o
you know it!!!!!!!!! So psyched for Promosaurus!
can not wait for the exciting news! Love you! I mean it;)
I need OKC to kick this series off with a W
Great move. Song at the end is the best!
My boyfriend fell asleep on me , like always ! -__-
Really? Why?
Jogging was rough today! 7 miles took way longer than it should have
"i owe you from the thing with the guy in the place" "i'd never been to belize"
hanging out with everyone since we were all friends before all this drama shit
Clippers couldn't of made this incredible of a comeback to lose. Lets do this clips
Christian small group tip: spend more time DOING the Word. What is your best Christian small group tip?
A fucked up childhood Is why the way I am, it's got me in a state where I don't give a damn- MC 8
Well Jen I figured you needed to see our faces every now and then especially Elvis's he is more of behind the scene dog :-)
My love and thoughts go out to the people of Congo today. May this be a day toward peace.
I wish this summer would hurry up I miss my adopted brother
#20ThingsAboutMe I keep a small group of friends cause to much ppl fake now a days!
Can't wait 4 February's event!
that's what I'm talking about.
Happy Mother's Day! Wishing all the mothers and moms-to-be a wonderful day!
hehe... I recently had to replace my commuter bag due to about ten years of that.
I know your joking around- but it's really true
NPCLibrary: I found out about that resource from the great presentation your group did last Thursday for the SLA tour. Thanks a ...
The promotion site on my profile can help your promote yourself 4 free. :) Please follow i will follow back!
shieet we can do the fetty clap with 100mil, ms we miss u! Lol
RT : Oh you know, I'm over here raging because the triforce appears on Links RIGHT hand...instead of his left..
#ThingsThatPissGirlsOff asking for ''pictures'' .
Time to catch up on writing! :)
Congrats to my !! Wishing you all the happiness in the world and more
Make sure you all follow and support
Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop talking to ME!
yep irrelavant. Another group of women trying to get 5 min of fame. Saf
Wow seriously, these things had to happen to mee :/
Busy is good, indeed, and am glad it is helping you. Using anything save for a brush is most groovus. :-)
I swear I see the dumbest sh*t on my TL....ya'll got me dying over here
Bought some vinyl today, first time in a long while. welcome ECCENTRIC SOUL / The Capsoul Label 001, to the collection.
IT IS FUCKING GOING DOWN GRASSHOPPER! THAT'S ALL I'M GOING 2 SAY, TELL THAT HATIN ASS NIGGA 2 KISS MY EN-TIRE ASS! ALL OF IT!
Has she offered a black woman a show yet?
i no u dnt jus ask do we have n sol n diz class, art !!!
Looking forward to Night with Cougar Football Portland and having a beer(s) with
Don't miss 's The Language Archive, directed by Great show!
It just takes the life out of you : Q3) Rule 1: No Powerpoint...EVER. #lrnchat < powerpoint doesnt kill people... :)
Meetings should be like a book; an introduction, meat in the middle, neatly wrapped up at the end. #leadership #training SeanLetwat
I wish you'd see these updates, so you could renew your D:Drive.
Grey's Anatomy, Desperate Housewives, CSI or Revenge...what to watch first?
gotta sleep on it.
Grrrr why are the TRADER JOE'S employees at Sunset & Poinsettia so clueless? The whole lot of em? "where is yr cold coconut water?" duh?!?!
Always supported them & will continue to! RT truman thanks for your support for the little league you always do a awesome job!
He's gotta hold on me, but im not the type to stay somewhere i dont wanna be....
Viana > Martins, at least for me. =/
I was really going do my homework today but i got to school and there was karaoke........i couldnt resist lol
Darvish better be lights out for Texas bc spending $111 mill to sign a guy from Japan is a huge risk. Just ask Boston (Daisuke Matsuzaka)
I'm so sorry baby :'( Im an asshole. I wasn't thinking. I love you so much. And I'm terrified of losing you. #I'mSoSorry #:'(
I'm really surprised that Paula was fired from the x-factor. The best part of the show was seeing Simon and Paula together again.
RT : powerful to see many young people speaking 2 Council @ Cambie Corridor meeting on challenges ~housing affordability in
the man is so awesome, even chuck norris is confused on what to do when encountering him!
Have a good evening.
I love Alex tho
So psyched that I saw you all! It was totally random that I was there at the right time. Have a fantastic ride!
Excellent..RT : have you heard? I'm in a show on 5/11 at so stop on by, doors open at 6:-)
hey boo
Just followed to get SCOOP2012 information
Fast food is (often) trash food.
this is a very dissapointing tweet. Quack attack!
It would take more effort to develop all of that stuff from scratch than to totally overhaul 2010 visually, in my opinion.
Good morning all!! Saturday!!!
Why is Tiger Woods still news? Really? Is he that different from others How many that did what he did have to tell the world? Leave it alone
We've kicked around the idea but nothing formal on the roadmap today...I'll let you know if we roll out something...
Thinking would <3 2hear how integr8s w/FB, Twitter, all social platforms to gamify, get emotional, reward
I'm a geek for presidential documentaries. Loving the new one about Clinton on
I love when people have their read receipts on, but I don't have mine on cuz I always forget to respond and I don't want them hating me
Keeping my fingers crossed and saying my prayers!! God is good, GOD IS GREAT! <3
At SPJ closing biz session. Let the sparks begin flying.
Thank you! :)
Listening to Bossypants by Tina Fey as I walk through campus. I can't not laugh. Aka I look like I have voices in my head. #weirdlooks ha!
Great to see you in SF today to talk content, causes and online social good. See you at #ONA12!
Thank You Love <3 XD YAY your my first follower for my Make-Up Artist page
Much beter than the "money tree" system employed by some in south bay...
Twolves score award for 3K new season tix at nba awards!
I finally got caught up on all 49 shows! I started listening when ep. 33 first posted. Thanks for doing what you do.
I changed my avi to just me. lol Was at Game 1 of the 87 WS :)
: Just bought my tickets for the ! Can't wait. Maybe I'll finally get to see win in person! See you soon!
The Wisconsin State Fair isnt as impressive as Minnesota's, but the people watching might be better
Congratulations on your milestone. Da Truth.
Just looked out window of AirTran train at JFK and saw space shuttle sitting there on top of its 747. Awesome sight.
I just had a sex on the beach for the first time with friends. M....need more of that.
Ah, thanks. Awesome recognition w/ Hall of Fame. Congrats back to you!
Its so funny how i just dont care
Hey, it"s #Cavs vs #Nets ... we'll just be happy if Humphries doesn't go for 28/15...
I need to get a sewing machine working today. Now, where is that measuring tape!
what the heck rach, don't wanna work with me already? i see how it is.....
he's still really cute
"So go rest your bones, little girl, you've had a hard day out in the world" - Sirens of SIlence
Attentn, New Followers: U R on my "ADD LIST" as soon as my "Follow Limit" allows: THANK U 4 follow
back to song-writing today. Finishing up lyrics on a new track. I will play an un-plugged Ustream soon promise !
ugh. i forgot to get my shirt before i left when i got kicked out. and i was going to wear it to the show tonight.. UGH
#ThingsIHearEveryday Dedep..... wake up..it's another day! I couldn't believe it, my mom is always saying that on the phone every morning
Well, that went well.
  Who else backspaces their whole password, even if only one letter is wrong?
about to download some old school music for the two hour drive back to philly
another world rocked!
Registered for Quentin Blake virtually live Sept. 28 9.15-10.00am (US EST) at www.quentinblakevirtuallylive.com
A body in motion, stays in motion.
With Hearing 's single #BoyFriend !
that awkward moment when your iPod shuffles to "christmas auld lang syne" sung by marc anthony in the middle of March...
I love how I tweet to follow me to help me with a master plan and he notices everyone but me...
where you at in jersey?
with a new twitcon as well!!! lol
Remember today is new for most of us.
EVERYBODY IS BEAUTIFUL <3
I donated today at Keystone!
Baby, you look WHOREfying. c':
Congratulations to Irvington Green Initiative for winning a Neighbor Power! award today for the Irvington Skill Share.
and yes as a history major I'm rather embarrassed by the fact I didn't know this until tonight...2027 will be an interesting year
Emily in NC on Dangerous Dogs list has a deposit & vol group that works with shelter says she's safe.
FL bound in a few hours!
Wasn't it abt the time your family was a State Guest of Prez. Najeebullah, the champion of democracy;) ... ?
The teacher brought us donuts cuz were good and they were booommmmbbbb
Ugh, a major? Goodbye season
IF not cain, I'm hoping they select Trans-vaginal Gov. Bob McDonnell
I saw that haha but I'm gonna change it now! (:
that was a BEAUTIFUL touchdown by the Packers!
Great to see it. You were actually my very 1st follower back in 2008. Still trying to break thru 2K. : I'm still kicking! :)
The task of a #writer consists of being able to make something out of an idea. Thomas Mann
There's moisture in my heart. Won't you dry it with your love talcum?
Great, thanks. just hoping to get the early registration dis.
I'd be interested in a trade.
praise Him!!
): im so sad you gotten sent home and my nephew is mad! but you had fun thats all that matters
I'm teaching myself to drink enough water. Three day in and I'm feeling better already.
I got my Proverbs 31 lady and I thank God EVERYDAY for her!
Wig & Mitre Lincoln - spot on as always
: Girls always ask "where are all the good guys at?" they're in the friend zone where you left them. amen bro!
what celebrity would you most like to see ?
you must sleep wild as hell
Interesting article. Universal design takes LEED to the next level paying closer attn to "feel, see, hear" our environment.
Halfway done editing our #callmemaybe video. and will be proud
thanks for checking out my blog! Episode 2 of Baby Time will be out soon as well! Jackie says hi too.
No worries : D
I'm against big spending on transit. No faith that govt. can get it right. First, improve
$2.75 Marble pints all day long!!!!Cheapest Marble in town.
When a country song comes on that reminds me of you <
Bout to Hit theese sheets, and count theese sheep.....
Patriots got the Ball at the Broncos 44. Brady passes to Branch and He Fumbles and Tebow is back with 1 seconds left. They gain yards but...
I'm going be at basic in a few hours!!! You should join!
"We must recognize that we're all part of a web of life around the world." Gaylord Nelson, Earth Day founder
Watching channeling on the F1 grid. Not sure who bounces more.
members are welcome to come to #RESS event tonight feat. Melanie Healey
spent Saturday night with a chilled bottle of Lotto Moscato from Diamond Ridge. Great taste. Great time.
It is of the outmost importance to have a strict money management system in place
Gone, but not forgotten. Now she really is his ANGEL. 
Not only did the Giants win but I got to spend it with :)
Is there a way to mute someone's tweets without in following them?
Of course it would be SF!
What was the clue? "Awesome full-contact card game"?
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps "Someone Like You"
BAHAHAHHAHAH that just made me laugh
Serum closed. RIP Blue Balls.
Zulily Cute Clothes at Bargain Prices Maternity Newborns Toddlers and more - maternity yoga wear
Still accepting submissions for issue 2 while we work on issue 1, out in a couple of weeks. Send us your stuff!
Cooked salmon with honey and mandarin glaze, o let's see how it came out
I am disappointed since Channel 55 no longer airs Jeopardy at 5:30 PM
If God can speak into existence unlimited universes, then simply nothing is impossible for us to do what is needed for mankind with Him.
Woot! #smbaustin RT : Up and at 'em for at the office. 6 AM instead of 5 AM feels like a luxury.
not to florida right ?
Sandra, just one. I'm here to peer pressure you. It's BASICALLY summer.
Whew! I'm glad to hea---z
dang, kitteh having bad reaction to feline leukemia vaccine: won't eat/drink/move, meows loudly when touched. sigh.....
700th tweet comin up RT if you want a shout out
i hate judgemental ppl.. give mf's a chance and expand yo horizons. bitch
Support the work of Joseph Loewen by attending Acoustic Nights in the Pearl March 31st 7:30 at Cloud Seven Cafe
thanks for the follow, Shaun!
Helpful not hype-ful on your website via
2 hours to game time!! Let's do this #mubb!!!!
Our vacation host says, "The birds are tweeting." Took me a second to remember that birds can do that.
RT I just can't look at that person the same no more because we was on a deep level and end the it was so unreal.
NPR uses a content strategy called COPE: Create Once, Publish Everywhere
1 year anniversary party starts at 2pm. Stop and share a toast with us
I just finished a 2.61 mi run with a pace of 7'21"/mi and a time of 19:13 with Nike+ GPS.
No one knows the Toy industry better than this young entrepreneur. Check out you won't be disappointed!
Fake lashes on at 9:40am- on a mission.
Heading to Sierras party!:)
indoctrination achieved!
thanks Colin! You are great! See u Friday (Anna)
the link isn't working :(
lol, hell yeah!!
tierd of this bullshit.....every second la la la la
Jennifer Lopez Says Adios To American Idol??
Who's look is more convincing; Strippers or The Homeless?
Jacobin Bill & Ted will be my intended audience, for sure.
Becoming relevant online has to do with exposure! Be a part of the Shastic family! Publish your online portfolio for free! www.shastic.com
My parents are loud and it's disturbing :(
UUUUUUUUGGGGGHHHHHHHH I want to make a joke that I can't make on twitter.
Woo! Home run!! Carlos le
Sad to hear about Donna Summer's passing
make sure you wash your hair once every two weeks.
Video Resume - YouTube - Backwoods Urbanity
Now that Christmas is over, it is time to make some new resolutions. My favorite time of year!
- Long time no talk. Give me a call laterz.
You got rain? We got umbrella hats!!
People from TV shows & movies have perfect skin! not one hair, cut, or bruise on their legs or arms! WTF
FOR SALE: 1080P HD MUSIC VIDEO DSLR CAMERA! $600 HIT UP FOR MORE DETAILS!
A business pitch, a community keynote, a 5 part corp internal mtg, a business plan comp't + training = a great coaching wk!
The Lakers backcourt has one of the best players of all time yet it has to be among the worst in the league.
Done! <33 I voted for London. (:
well, would love to play, of course. Love that you got Mr. Belvedere. Who are the leads?
Oh yeah! Stinky tofu is foul...good call...
Low-lying areas including Bangladesh and Florida face catastrophic flooding. Inhabitants forced to move become the first climate refugees.
Haha I'm retired brotha. You still playing Baseball?
Lmao girl I'm late -_- lol I hope I'm not late for actual practice
About 6 hours to go. Takin a nap to #rest up for this game.
Gonna go make a #milkshake :)
oh GOD, yes!
Looking at summer camps for my girls and feeling completely overwhelmed.
Beautiful misty morning Denver Colorado
sometimes the simple things should just stay simple!
that's why he loves you!
The Middlesteins by Jami Attenberg! When can I start reading?
Apparently LoC caught flak once Google started digitizing books, re "why didn't LoC do this 1st?"
RT : Tactics should be the longest list of your strategic plan
"I'm sure this is why my grandparents swam across the river." - on buying Mexican flags and mustaches for Cinco de Mayo
Heading to The Shack, make yer way there and I'm buying!!
Congrats to and #bearcatnation on a great #bigeast win! GO CATS!
Gutsy performance by John Lester. That's what we needed from our ace! Way to go, Lester & #RedSox!
It's Thursday!!!!!!! So come check out the NCAA games and hang out for some Karaoke tonight!!!! MEET YOU AT THE TURTLE
Nailed it : )
Hi! Thanks, Quentin. I hope that you will check out our Fan Page on Facebook. "Tales from the Stage"
This bitch trying to impress my friend. Dude, dont even... Just stop.
More than 1000 in the trips initiatied by The Congress of Racial Equality & the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee.
Have a very happy "Happy Birthday" Jake!
whats your facebook page name
I wish every juror had to watch the HBO documentary Hot Coffee before voir dire.
Just finished college!!
Don't wear skinny jeans if you don't have skinny genes..
Nodding along to Dashboard Confessional's "Hands Down" and getting a few dirty looks. Silly haters, don't judge my pop-punk pop-lock!
lol now I probably have bird flu. Did you read those two chapters in English?
Great game Sox , and way to go Philip Humber , yippppeeee
#winitwednesday tweet us "I wanna get fancy!" to win a free tee! Contest Ends tonight @ 5:00pm! Winner announced @ 5:30! Tweet us!!!
haha, who knew my whining and complaining would get me somewhere! thanks!
I'll be turning off my phone for the rest of the day.
M bacon. Bacon good.
It's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Great day to grill some CHICKEN! - Tucson Citizen It 's going to be 77 here in Southern AZ. Grea
Summer concerts so far for 2012: July 16th and #DemiLovato August 4th!
#ows #occupyoakland: "if a prisoner sits down he or she is not considered to be an imminent threat"
Will u guys be doing any auto commentary for the DVDs?? Would love to hear your opinions on scenes!
Wtahcing the & NY play.
That is an awesome pic!
just wrote my talk for Sat. It still lacks a research question. Fail!
Oh also there were zero students besides Wagers at he conference. Not surprising since they were quite condescending about young people.
i was just bored i guess;) showin' some love for the Mahoneeee ;)
The Graveyard Book Finds a Home at Disney
my brother and his big foot broke my dogs glass plate :-(
When you see her cursing at u and trying to act tough kiss her and tell her you love her<3
When do you ship out?
I think that says more about the people than the cities, though.
Are you calling me fat?
Thanks 4 your support this week!
#petpeeve Why do so many spell Pittsburgh wrong (without the H)? It's a major city. Saw it wrong again today
I wonder what she's doing right now
chillin in this warm weather. Don't even need a jacket here... Went to the beach last weekend!
how u been ...you dnt mess wit me no more lol
Just passed the 3.1 (5k) mile marker at the Bank of America Shamrock Shuffle in 27:24
Signing off for a while! Depending on how family & I recover, may be back later. Wishing all of you a healthy and happy wkend!
Congrats on another big win! #Congrats to Dennis Chin on great effort! He wins on the field and battles #hunger too!
whenever i try to make a status about you, you go offline. gah
At ihop bout to get mu grub on.
Man held on perjury charges in Mass. student death
Thermal Panel | House Mouse Living
Sshhhh! Don't give us away!
All of a sudden Im hot....
And it starts all over again <3
Also, my #Xikar #pipe lighter is junk, and I am sending it back to #China today.
come on baby click follow c:
Do you really want to learn how to market yourself on LinkedIn correctly? Ask me, and I'll give you our super discount code!...
Only 2.5 more weeks! but whose counting right?
Bowling w. the babes (:
There are only two reasons to teach. When admin micro-manages, there is only one reason.
PIERRE is a thankful truck, for the love Franklin Park show to him!
not playing but he will be there with another hopeful transfer an O. L. who started at md. obrian still in school dude.
I freaking need to dye my hair. This shit is fading FAST!
Vita was at Ohio Brew Week sampling our Budweiser Barbecue Sauces and had a great time! We'll post pictures from the event soon!
thanks. I'll fire it up today!
: josh huestis just won the slam dunk competition!! ... erik swoope close behind w/ a dunk over mike attanasio!!
Your questions answered with John Rose from Innovative Interface happening now in the Networking Lounge!
In the last week, I've had dreams where I am Googling things, checking my email, and fixing my computer.
hello tweet me if u wanna tlk :D
I will have this stuck in my head all night! MT : Pete the Cat & His Four Groovy Buttons top the best seller list!
Ridin home to 3sets a takoma station & man set one they sangin..music @ its finest!
My dog just took a #Honeybaked dump. Now it feels like the hjolidays.
When I saw you I smiled, then I fell for ya. <3
Just arrived Wifi exists but everyone seems to be downloading movies or something.
happy late birthday, lovely!
I want some orange juice
I LOVE #Glee! Excellent job on the Whitney Houston song "I Will Always Love You." Last minute addition or part of original script?
R.I.P Whitney Houston. So sad!
I refuse to participate in this recession. As the economy continues to tank, my income has skyrocketed!!! DM me to learn how you can too =)
Oh my god, BRILLIANT!
followback! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:*
nerd. can i have one?
Karen hand made you three different types of tamales: pork, chicken or chorizo. yum
Thanks for the mentions & thanks for visiting our booth yesterday at #CPSHOW!
have her follow us! and also tell her about
Thanks so much!
this magazine says you're beautiful. why's that
i loveE campbell's hair....
Omg impossible to sleep
I sent you a DM, you should be able to reply to it. Also if you type cap D space than person u r sending message to.
what's love got to do with it IKE crazy ass lol
Amen : as someone who thinks QBs should actually throw the ball, I will never be a believer in Tebow time
Intelligence is the capacity to bring the future into the present, so that you can act on it instantly. That's analytics, by IBM.
absolutely! We have new lunch and dinner menus with the addition of an awesome Friday Fish Fry, hope to see you soon!
Why does the awful german lady always check me in?
Reed Johnson it's been a tough night huhh, Triple A is prob better suited for you let's be serious
No clubs in AZ? Where's the closest club to ya?
Worries come from lack of faith.
lol...i like ur drunk tweets
I'm on it!
happy anniversary! I always like the swank 40s music in their bar. Good choice. ;-)
After a long night last night, it's nice to sit back, drink tea, and follow 's narrow #carlingcupfinal win over Cardiff.
Why is there even such a concept of an attosecond? What is the value of quantifying such insignificant time periods?
so now that you are going to have a kid are y still gonna be on the jersey shore
"Good communication spells the difference between a leader and a manager." - Dr. Richard Eisenbeis
That's disheartening.
no care
Thinking the craftroom move from up to downstairs might take about 40manhrs #wheredidallthiscomefrom?
Einstein gets online archive
The Loving Hut is my friend. Raw tacos and tempeh salad ftw!
Bison Analytics, and other companies are finalists in Business Plan Competition.Final on 4/1 University
Yeah, rough Saturday... LOL
I'm a little late to it, but xfactor is awesome and Rachel Crow is amazing.
so pretty! 
All them trade schools like everest and shit be sellin straight wolf tickets..
. took silver in Baltic Porter!
Still cheering my ass off lol
I really need to learn how too wash dishes
Thanks to Croft and Associates Architecture for donating Open Arms meals to children w/ cancer who are spending day after day
Rain on your way to work this morning? Tune in now to NBC 6 and find out
Follow me cause I like One Direction :D
RIP Adam the Beastie Boys rocked
It's almost gametime!
ah - well, you do have to hand it to Seth, it was a great... err.. mistake. (Needs to do that on the other end)
I wouldn't mind a summer romance. 
S/O to my nf gud afternoon
going to see the home then hitting up the studio after let's get it
Yoooooo bet or no bet B?! Don't get soft now!
yaaay I'm not alone :3
haha I'll tell him not the first date maybe the 5th haha!(:
thank u sir.
Why can't I retweet this?!
When your grade is a full letter grade higher than expected. SCORE!
I swear . Shit would be different
BMW's March car sales break all monthly records BMW said first-quarter new-car sales were the highest ever on the back of March sales tha
The show has started! :D And Small Talk is here hanging out. Come hang out with everyone too!
And I have to write a check to the IRS for how much?? F#@%!!
PLEASE wish a happy 17th bday! It would make her life!
My brother told me today "the only guy that deserves ur heart right now is Benjamin $$$"
Just bought a 2007 Chevy aveo sedan a year ago but I would love a sonic
How are you?(:
heard you're never home
I had a really good childhood up until I was nine, then a classic case of divorce really affected me. - Kurt Cobain
RT When someone says "everything happens for a reason" I'd like to smack them and say "yeah, I guess you're right"
I'm here now:-)
After lunch, sessions in rooms with available power outlets are king.
Why don't the moderators ever challenge the accusations? How about asking Newt for facts to support his indignation?
Justice for Chelsea?
no.. I have absolutely nothing to hide...
hard work. But very rewarding.
Dandelions fly through blue air...
and I were all young dems once
I <3 Sushi!
You know what they say about the second interviews? Those are the
Looking forward to an exciting wk.: 3 days of wrkshps. 3 org. teams & coaching individual clients as well. Need synergy
We need to make that happen then! RT : yes, the margarita, lol
Is that what causes it? I'll be more careful not to do that then. Still clueless as to why pple think macs are so intuitive.
If youre lucky enough to be different from everyone else, dont change.- Taylor Swift
How big is "the area"? Does Eastern Market count?!
Yeah. If we're in an alternate universe where "bad" means "good!!!" GOT HIM ()
GEN George S. Patton Jr
Doing nothing tonight... would be at Titanic 3D but momma ruined plans
Freelance Flex Architects / AS2 work with an ongoing project for a Fortune 100 co.
Haha! I know that feeling...by the way I love your twitpic. It feels so summeryy. Haha!
Note to self: pick up some Schweddy Balls from Ben & Jerry's on the way home.
Thank you!!!!
That makes it harder, though it's possible the author's still working in the field... (IME = "in my experience").
DAMN RIGHT BM!! LOVE YOU!
this interview was not an explanation it was a opinion & attempt to argue an invalid argument.
"Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee, And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me. - Robert Frost, ""Cluster of Faith,"" 1962"
I realize how great my friends are when they leave, and all I do is talk about how great they are to anyone who'll listen.
right where anticipation crosses over with certainty. When the phone rings and you're sure it's good news...
'Listen all ya'll...'
Going to rally... must pack for vacation, watch some youporn and do my nails in the next hour! More juicy stuff on Monday!
Lol, I'm referring to females
In support of Bike Month, I'm riding home today - this means I have to ride back tomorrow. First ride in about 2 years.
Still sounds like they need some time to get everything up and running, don't they?
ppl quit wen they R feet away 4rm the finish line.. Don't get caught up in the hardships of the race, remember every race has a finish line.
"The whole world needs to be DVRed!" - John Racette (just now, on Facebook)
RT : Today 5-7pm: Wine Down Wednesday at ACL Live, w/ the very talented Free wine & food by Malaga....
CINCO DE MAYO!!
Sprinkles are inherently adorable so you're ok
give me a fake #right I mean give me a brake! split his tail!!!
"because denmark people are just all about swag, dude"
Hey t-shirt designers! I want you on my blog! Send me an email () and show me your stuff...
awesome! I will text you when I get home
what's up my dude?
That 10 minutes of depression you get when you see a really hot guy and know you're never going to see him again.......... Then I'm over it
it's another social network...put with pictures :)
Happy Be Day !!! Hope you have an amazing day! Miss you :)
yeah, yeah. Likely story.
We good
I love planning weekend getaways with my boyfriend :) 
Friend the AOA PS on Facebook! RT Tell your friends: we're almost to 700 fans. Can we reach that by the end of this month?
indeed! Say when!
the 2.0 release will be available for download at the end of July.
hanging on to yesterdays disappointments will only hinder todays progress. Shake it off & start fresh <3 Wednesday STRONG~
I am falling asleep standing up again. Please no one tip me over.
: "You do the right thing then the right thing will happen." Paul Teutel, Jr. #radicalgrace
True. Both Williams and Ralph average 1 BPG and are equal with around 7 blocks so far this season.
so get out get out get out of my head ! im sick you ! suck my dick hard
So many projects before finals!!!! WHY?!?!?!?!
Didn't know Canada was involved in the Manhattan Project. Maybe they're harboring nuclear weapons now.
Happy BDay to my big bro!!!
RT : Despite what happened last night, this one is over. And at the risk of repeating myself, Pac-12 shoulda been 1-bid league.
I come home may 12 and leave the 26 for germany for the summer
Thanks so much! I'm glad she's here and healthy, too. :)
#billboards2012 sounds like a blast!
my resolution is to eat as much as possible so I will help u by helping me lol
Nigggas say the want beef! Well where the fuck is my burger at
Just saw one side of the family. Moving onto the other. Happy Mothahh's Day!
Michael Phelps' mom is killing his chances with women. She needs to make herself scarce. Chill lady.
Hey Pittsburgh: We're filling up fast with Prom appointments. Book yours now before it's too late. Come get gorgeous!
It was a pleasure to meet you as well!
It wasn't me!
*Leading edge of
The music hustle, as we used to know it, is finito
Friday is finally here party people!! A little pool action today and party time tonight!! Who's in!?
Happy National Taco Day! Don't forget to visit us today. :)
U-Swirl of the day: Reeses Peanut Butter Yogurt with chocolate chips, peanuts, and Magic Hard Shell.
I think a mutiny is about to form at this post office
Nice headline on your doughnuts and cops post!
OMG I'm a futurist & a trend spotter. Move over #FaithPopcorn!! This is amazing. LOL!
Good luck Lobos. RT : it should be a really good game
Was on the phone with him last night(: hmu
no prob! Just let me know what you need!
Toe is purple and still painful. Taped it up but walking hurts. At least this happened over break so I can take it easy.
RT : 700 miles to go!! Come on girls!!
New songs, pix, and video updates soon! bookmark this sh*t
Thank you c:! And you are very welcome n.n!
OPENINGS Interested in applying to the San Jose Bike & Ped Adv. Comm? U may request an app by sending an email to .
Man, I sure do wish my sisturrrrr would answer when I call her #shehatesme :/
OMG. Dropping the ball as we speak! Where and when?!?
Jamming, windows down on 15th and State- where is ?!
Sick trailer. Gonna see flick this week.
I am doing ME now ;D LML!!! jiji
I rode an elephant at the circus before. It was a lot of fun 
It's about time for the Steelers to execute a massive attack on the Jets and settle the score! Here we go Steelers, here we go!
You should go follow right now! Why? Because they follow everyone back!
waiting to go to MD
you're welcome:D and thx too! <3 hugs! See u later
music is always gonna be apart of me its like the air i breathe i sing to live <3
I doubt it!! Me, and all the #CrazyCougars can get pretty out of hand!!
LOOOONNNNGGGG ass story.
PS YES! When?
Got the Nikon D5100 today. Time for some collaborations!
get in my bed.
They are live streaming. Look for the link on the website.
It's in my jeans and in my genes.
Thanks for the follow! How did I miss you on Twitter??!
he is the columnist here in Orlando. He has a call in show here in town from 6 am to 9 am. You can listen on I heart radio
It's #HumpDay! Who else is looking at the week as half full?! Your wine glass better not be! :-)
lol and hang it up on the closet door # roadkill
Sometimes I really hate my life
Tonight in not my night, heading to bed soon. <3 y'all!
"Wood" is the gmail theme version of watching a fat guy go to the bathroom while eating a bowl of pasta (It is unappealing)
Words to live by: "I'm riding the rollcoaster & it hasn't killed me yet"
you never know though! Which song are you going to sing ?
You're joking, right?
Don't complain about someone not trusting u if you're not acting trustworthy.
Haven't heard much about
Can't wait to see
Let's run away and don't ever look back.
same here
HaPpY SaTuRdAy night everyone!
cuuz she's beautiful? :)
Use interaction history to confirm what consumers told you and build up a rich repository of preferences2 be leveraged for future dialogue
Is an image request in the <noscript> on a page the only way that SC determines if JS is disabled?
Fox news will be reporting the loss of me on Facebook, guess I'm that big of a deal.
Just got back from walking with my F-R-I-E-N-D-S at a garage sale... bought the cutest piggy bank. :) Getting ready for a b-day party. <3
Delicately maneuvering my way
Callbacks are done, now I wait . . .
Thanks for the follow!
Our Individual Computer Class starts at 10am. You can also get job help from our tutors as well. Polish that resume!
Just booked Frankie Vega for Aug 1st Baltic Room! Watch out Seattle.
Sagarin Ratings for the Front Range (through this morning): 80. Colorado State; 81. Denver; 84. Colorado; 170. Air Force; 250. UNC
I should go to sleep. I'm tweting nonsence to . On any other news, mission impossible 4 is good. Makes me wish i was a spy
We just finished up a 6 week tour. It was awesome! It was tiring but worth every hour of lost sleep!
Surprise surprise...
Sometimes a fella just needs to eat himself some Arby's
PLEASE FOLLOW! HUGE FANS FROM NEW YORK
shyt I'm n stone mountain now boo
The weekend starts now. Strap on your dancin shoes, groin kick those blues and grab a drink. Let's write this book.
I'm lost on what he talking about... Still not coming to me direct. Ok That's Kool.
The battle Starts and ends with you. Conquer and win the battle within
OhioSt v Wisconsin what the hell?
Vinyl is the best way to listen to music in the comfort of your own home.
i just had two "mini" york peppermint patties. now i feel like i'm in the Christmas spirit.
#quote "Experience is the child of thought, and thought is the child of action." ~ Benjamin Disraeli
: YESS.!!! OMG Chino Y Nacho we're spectacular.!! ;D
what did they teach about?
Nice bike in your twitter avatar
Happy Friday, #Boston! Will you be 's Party on the Harbor tonight?! One of Boston's best event's and museums!
Hmm..not that I'm aware of..but Beligans, that's something i can speak for :)
Honestly all I can think about is Steve Carrell, being like,"fuck Im sotired of people wanting me to go back 2 the Office." kill him
tear apart the very fabric of music AND the space/time continuum.
Best run in NFL playoff history. Prove me wrong.
makes an appearance with "RaveNRoll"
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 62F MOSTLY CLOUDY
Ethics 20/20 hearings ongoing; I am in Judicial Disqualification hearing on proposals to amend Rs of Judicial Conduct
is a dealer program in the future?
Thank you.
You lucky bastard! I wish I could go.
first encountered Judith Butler at thirteen in an online community: very cool!
I'm so Happy we are friends
SPECIAL: Back To School this week. $1 OFF All 24oz. Smoothies!!!
I'm starting to confuse tumblr with real life. I was reading an article for homework expecting a meme and couldn't find the punchline.
Follow my lil sis she #teamfollowback all day long
Rose will be okay! This off season I'll bulk him up to a solid 215.
Sweet. MT Working late chasing down a few errors but anyone w/ an Android can install the Explore app right now!
Heading to the South Bay Galleria w// :)
you will like him a lot - beautiful energy - great to listen to
Baltimore Museum Of Industry TONIGHT !!!!!! 5 - 9 FOOD TRUCK GATHERING ! 67 degrees , Dinner & MISS TWIST ICE CREAM !!!!!
WOW!!! It's warmed up to +18.
I don't want to send a long tweet very often, but when I do I wish deck.ly thing in Tweetdeck would work.
yay! So happy for you. Cant wait to hear all about it.
um yes please!
starting to @ least. Get the keys today
Congress has asked that North Carolina raise two battalions for the Continental Army.
Night night.(: .xx
u inspire me!
#Education has brought me amongst great people.
Why don't you tell us Wayne?
#Winning combo.
Now I'm speechless, over the edge, and just breathless. Hopeless, head over heels in the moment.
Same here doll!! It's going to be a BLAST!
specifically to reference "future research needed" in a scholarly article. using it to frame my interest in their program.
Exciting news & less than a month away: Diana Gabaldon at #BrooklynBookFestival on Sept 18!
thinking of you today. Hope all is well.
We loved it too !
PLEASE BRING AL THE BOYZ ! not just a few, thats really unfair. not to be rude. BUT THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR DOING THIS !
Good thing Gods love isn't based on what we do for Him ;)
twitter just told me you were similar to me. no shiz.
Hope you had an awesome vacation and had a chance to relax. Welcome home!
I cried when I watched it today in the car & mommy said it was inspirational.
#mygraduationspeech " Fuck all of you. Bye. "
So excited for for the WORLD PREMIER of TURKEY DAY tonight at the BARE BONES FESTIVAL!
so anti
Just followed
I should record an album all dedicated to Mario...i will post a few songs
That made my day Alex!!(: I Love You<3
Had a great time at the show last night. Want to thank The Last Troubadour for inviting us out.
I'll try that! If they don't kill me before. I'm obsessing them lol
anytime. #loveslaborslost was outstanding and quite jaunty.
my fake acct doesn't even have my real name
Don't tell me that duke might actually have a chance.
My attempt to create bread pudding out of stale chocolate cupcakes was.... a success!
When will Wenger face reality? Maybe when Cesc and Samir and RVP and Jack and Verm move on he will wake up
(naturally you'd get me started on a good discussion when I'm about to be dragged away for lunch ;)
happy mothers day wishing you many more great blessings to come all the success to you and all of your loved ones
"Hey darling, I hope your good tonight. And I know you don't feel right when I'm leaving."
Met my fu ture ex hubby tonight
Waiting at the lincoln museum in Springfield.
That's fun (:
How do you pronounce Taleto. I wanna make sure I pronounce it right.
you're bring me a trophy back, right?
#SYTYCD was amazing last night! I loved the statue dance! which was your favorite? Read my review here dld.bz/aa6Qd
#NowPlaying 3LW :No More (Baby I'ma Do It Right)
I moved out, he moved in, the girl is sick she likes a lot of men.
Good morning to all the veterans, past and present. May. God bless you
Damn, that sounds delightful. See you soon!
I-O GO BUCKS
movers are carrying the heavy stuff out of the ol' and into the new!!
just finished a "killer abs" class. omfg that was killer!!!
I'm just kidding!!
G'morning back at u. Enjoy ur day.
#FF thx 4 ur kind words and caring tweets these last few days. You are the best!
Nigga can stay anywhere but with me!
Good habits are hard to develop, and easy to live with. Poor habits are easy to develop and hard to live with. Choose your habits, wisely.
5/6/1777->MG Stirling:...public affairs affords abundant causes of distress;we should be careful how we aggravate them by private bickerings
Sex ant beta thn love!!...
Solid locale, my friend.
enough sorrow to keep you human enough hope to make you happy. (2/2)
Did you know there is a justin bieber singing toothbrush... It is actually brilliant
RT : The mortgage crisis wasn't caused by irresponsible buyers.
Ur Faith in action enables God 2 move on His ppl! (Luke 5:17-26) God's looking 4 Radical ppl willing 2 do All It Takes 4 this generation!
The only people who go to the Kentucky derby are loaded old men with there #HOES who wear bisexual hats
see you then!
Mission accomplished
that appears to be Full Moon. If you are in Birmingham, make sure to try Jim and Nicks BBQ. Their cheese biscuits are great!
watchin family guy and this is my favorite cartoon ever
Once you get life insurance, your chances of being murdered go up.
Whats up TwitterVille, I know we've been kinda quiet. Been busy. I hope all is well. Show tonight at East Meets West Vu from LA. 830!
Desire is the starting point of all achievement, not a wish, not a hope, but a keen pulsating desire, which transcends everything.~ N. Hill
it's so ridiculous 
Keep it rolling
People who don't know how to turn off their ringtone in the slc should simply
I'll DM you my email
RT Everybody shouting "I AM TRAYVON MARTIN!"
working hard w/
Brewers on ESPN and T-Wolves on ESPN2...what year is it?
RT : RT "Ron Paul supporters won 22 of the 25 national delegates elected at the state convention last night." WOW.
you know it gurl
What's the gagging emoticon?
Have a great New Year everyone!!
Ha, listen to him NOW haters!!!
Awesome! See you there! RT : Just received your invite for the Holiday Gala
HGTS!!RT I need those summer nights posted in the alley
I'm bored of the office.
Amazing to see these towering thunderclouds shoot into the sky--north, east & west of the metro.
I think I want to dye some Easter eggs ...I miss my family and friends
My mistake it's 4 and a half hours now ... :/
thank you! Love to meet you too!(:
Why is that mother still breast feeding her three year old?! I fear this is more common than we think. Also- the kid will be taunted 4 life.
It's sad how I've been up since 5:30am
It may be a little early, but it's looking more and more likely that we'll see a Miami Heat/OKC Thunder NBA Finals. We shall see...
let's make #youmadeitweird a trending topic. Last time I peed I bed was 7years ago. I'm 29 years old.
Finally here lol
I am still amazed by the snow, I am like a child and want to go outside make snow angels!
hey watch u guys every morning! Thx for following and see u in soon:-)
get it girl! can't wait to visit you at work!
My thing is if I'm with a nigga I'm faithful to the dude til the end. period!
LOVE THE NEW PIX
Sustainability Insight  The Kickstarter For Solar Could Make You ...
hahaha yes it is. Hello twitter world! Let the fun begin
#Whitney the bodyguard
That's what I like to here!
What'd you end up getting and how was it?!
fuck you , go burn !
Happy birthday Mr. Rogers!
NYSE Euronext Named Top Dividend Stock With Insider Buying and 4.73% Yield
lmao I don't need it I learned my lesson!!
Shower, hot tea, bed
In San Angelo and Midland TX for a few days :-/
one more snowstorm? why would you want such a thing!
y'all just pray for me in these mean Houston streets...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY to my fellow gamer mommys! we are the shit! n any1 else i missed
oh that's dissapointing.none the less thanks for replying!
I'm going out to work on the sunny side of the house.
Super Bowl parties start tomorrow. Follow me
Dan Greenstein: presses need to be "tubs with their own bottoms." What does this mean?
Snow: the unemployment rate is the most important thing when it comes to an election. A barometer of the economy & presidency
A lead coming back to the same site a couple of times in the same day may be an indication a sales rep should give them a call
thanks for the guess. I'll give answer at 2.
wow, already?!
Sam Dekker for three! ONIONS!
so then the next part is trickier - have these different threads converged on similar design approaches for a reason?
possibly he didn't play that bad and both sides looked rusty
I freckle so much in the sun
Ugh the opener of the second series... Like I just can't.. Omg Maxxie, let me love you
We cannot solve today's problems with yesterday's thinking. That's how we got here.
Weekend Special: Southwest Pork Tacos, 2 for $5! Come get some while supplies last!!!
Thanks for retweeting for us. All help getting our information out there for others to read is appreciated.
im in some desperate need of some community service hourse for golden tassel
& thanks for the RT!
Stepping into a Starbucks audition
All unpacked and back in the dorm. Now its
She's special.
that's the best answere I have heard yet lol
Buying my mom coffee for Mother's Day bacause I can't afford anything else. God I'm a good kid.
I am in Las Vegas for business until tomorrow, June 1, 414-708-7033
I hate mosquitos got bit on the cheek
Was giving my cousin some fair relationship advice. How he goes about it is his choice. He is a young adult now.
THX for the follow! 15% off medium #MagneticPix using TWITTER at checkout by 4/30. Share with your followers!
mine good, I hope my moms was even better, if only they hadn't brought mine 10mins before hers and hadn't slammed it on the table...
Thanks for trying. Sirius is just trying to shake down those of us who were lifers.
I mean, also, it's to infuriate those of us who rightfully prefer red peppers but that's a less helpful answer
The MLS just got a little slower. Sending our love and well-wishes to Get better soon.
#kids Weekend Science with Critter Connections at Las Vegas Natural History Museum, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Every Saturday at 11:00AM &...
Time for #GameofThrones ....
you soo anti now!
I really like qtweeter
I've been to the town New Glarus, WI, & also Glarus, Switzerland.
Rodney has out up two top ten play dunks!
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! W
i wasn't getting mad i just said that i didn't notice my caps
Real fireworks or a metaphor? We have fireworks next weekend. What's going on?
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
Pandora is playing the perfect songs for my mood tonight.
Hollywood and the mall oh ant the store lol
haha i KNOW right
Now it's 100% Kyrie Irving time if anyone else takes this last shot may god have mercy on their souls
It was cool meeting you today at Miami Airport. Please let me know if you ever need anything. www.JuanCarlosPichardo.com
shut up big head
Which Hillary Rosen are you NOT related to? I hear there are 3 or more?
oh not yeah, I wanted to write Hey :D .. haven't heard anything from u 4 so long :) .. well, I'm fine thx .. :) whaddaya doin' ?
Middle fingah in my vaj, wet pussy cap!
hey Pete! Follow back ;-)
oh my gawd, i'd make that bitch pay or no sex!! Lolol jk :-)
I should just dissapear forever.
wait what is it like?!
small ears thanks for snagging the coupon yesterday.
YW!! Thank You for YOUR group & for what you do for Bullying Awareness & Prevention!
I'm at the mall. I'm treating myself to a movie on my day off. I'm not telling which.
SO JEALOUS! Sometimes I just sit & stare at pics of my goodbye toad in the hole. I wonder how well cheese straws travel?
Our prof is taking an odd tone and says "they'll never commit to #RDA!", so we're not going to learn it :(
The cavs got their hands full tonight. We hit em up.
When i die i want my last words to be "i left a million dollars under the..."
Close it is a 55 gallon pickle (or onion) tub. I can take a picture of the one I build last year and get that to you tonight
RT : Finally back home with new baby girl. So much going on, billion miles per hour.. and I even haven't had a glass of wine
yeah:/ well I gtg to bball I'll be back later so bye
Yes, I've heard great things about that one! I just got it for my Kindle. Thanks!
Hahaha. Awesome. Can't wait to start! She really likes eating. Huge mess but worth it!
Finally an ice cream truck comes by my house! (:
. gets more referrals through Facebook than any other channel, says
Happy Mothers Day!
North Carolina- you better not disappoint tonight...hate to have the President revoke your statehood...
I know tell me about it I live like 5 min from there in the next city
Well, Wilbon says re: Lawrie "I would have done the same thing" Wowsers.
thanks! have the best day :)
RT Google Working On Password Generator For Chrome: Trailrunner7 writes "Google is in the process of developing a t......
touche my friend, touche...don't give me shit in the #AM if I'm sluggish
How long do you think till Boyfriend music video comes out?? <3
The Livingstone Spectral Imaging Project took some decaying pieces of newspaper & used digital imaging to reveal a faded handwritten diary
"Relish every sandwich"
Thanks for sharing!
Again I'm not putting Romo in best QB of all time category, obviously-but he belongs in top tier of current QBs
His last day tomorrow ima cry
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell!
I am in a pub so I am not watching Big Brother. I assume a bisexual man has just entered the house.
cm Acinic cell carcinoma? 1005# you have reached your maximum limit of possible api requests with this IP address. Please wait 24 hours.
Time for Lab Band. Swing much?
hey Cam <3
Martha Beck~ Every instance of heartbreak can teach us powerful lessons about creating the kind of love we really want.
that's a great attitude! It's so true for life in general. Thank you and good luck!
Forgot they still make antennas. Wow lots of free stations and better picture quality than comcast. Cable guy no-show did us a favor.
K... I give up I can't do a hundred tweets in an hour like some of u tweet heads...
Inspired by some of the excellent research work reflected in the summaries of dissertation awards. Amazing work.
People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity.
holy sweet seats!!!! Wrigley is amazing :)
Exclusive! Get $4 off your haircut at Official Fades Barbershop on Fulton & El Camino. Get the free Qponomics app 4 more details.
Wishing you a GREAT Day!
Oh wild squirrel nut butter is on that, tonight! Glad somebody is watching :)
same . Still singing and dancing .
All candidates won.
yess ik im so excited were gonna have fun and I won't be surrounded as much so ill be able to spend equal time with everyone
I'm serious about everything . I'm to grown for games dumbass
watch out for the ones with free shipping !!!
how do i do that
Watching Khloe and Lamar on E!. :P
Well...Lets see how this game goes lmao
Patriots place today with the fam for the first time... Looking forward to a day of shopping and eating at five guys:)
If yo stomach sticks out further than yo butt yu have #NoAssAtAll .
One of the best things about #TXLA12 was meeting the great faculty and new friends at the TWU reception. What a great evening!
I'm hoping for "Sweet Virginia."
It is too bad you clowns don't report real news. No one takes you serious.
Ima stop bothering her, she can be pretty moody. With her slick ass comments
No way, we got 420 likes dude
about to finally see breaking dawn!
I do agree. :) I'm see The Dictator tonight & then kids' sports all weekend.
Take a bat and swing it! It'll be good practice for your recreational softball league!
Education is an admirable thing, but nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
don't go!
well... There's my blond moment 4 the week. I need to dye my hair #artificialintelligence :-)
Whoever invented core workouts needs to bring me an ice cream.
: I chose not to be an ass, but you brought out the worst in me.
I stayed up FAR too late talking amazing opportunities with the crew and it was worth it 200%.
I think #BlackCatBar is ready for you. Are you ready for #BlackCatBar?
But aye it is true
- Take Care . . . this is one song that even the radio can't kill.
yeah:D and yes i know i watched him on ellen
did i mention your name
Someone already won. Sorry
let's get on that....literally!
By holding onto the past, you're damaging your future
My 900th tweet is for because she puts up with me..... and is stomping up the stairs threatening to steal my money...
There is that :-) Love it! RT not sure why it feels good, but it sure does. I blame it on the warm milky flavour:)
batteries for radios?
: Everything happens for a reason, or it's because your stupid & your decisions are just terrible.
My little sis sees my copy of "#HowToBeBlack" by and asks "Why is this a book?"...
Sheeeeeeow!!..perfect im off that day!!..super excited!!.. Happy bday my sweets!!
is that a trick question?
Texas is on board, or at least not against.
Salt N Pepa's Push It ALWAYS reminds me of Grandma's Boy!!!! So should have threw up on Doris Roberts when I had the chance.
Welcome, good luck
preciate the follow fam, working on vol 2 of my mixtape, stay tuned
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die. ~ Abraham Lincoln
loved it all!
LOL and I almost got ran over and this dude had the nerve to flip us off??
Who in the poker media is covering Zynga Poker Con? I keep seeing all these ads for it in mainstream media - wondering how it's going to be.
Get ryt shawwwty. Ittsa bout ta be on time.
Thanks for interest an mention on my open journalism project
Looking forward to it! Last saw you guys play couple years ago at the San Jose Jazz Festival..
How was #craftup? I didn't get home until about 11 p.m.
Perfect day for yard work. Not too hot or cold. Not too sunny or cloudy. Another nice KY day.
Wahhhhh, my facebook news feed sucks, waahhhhhhh. PLEASE STFU!
you're welcome, my friend. I wish you many more happy years :)
#FF 2 amazing supporters this week!
just hit the furthest home run I've seen this year.
PD got it Wrong. I trust voters to do their research and pick the best candidate. Ask people from the Justice Center about me!
you have the wrong Russell on today, Russell Wilson.
I'm not gonna get any sleep today
My former roommate just got hired there!
I got turned down by Cameron Quiseng last night everyone. Huge applause to me.
The fact is that ours is the first generation that can look disease&extreme poverty in the eye..." - Bono via
On the road again...
it has been a while
Congratulations on the wedding I hope your wife knows she gotta player 4 life and that ain't no bullshitting
Ravens announce CB Cary Williams signs second round tender and signing of NT Ryan McBean.
aw this song.<3
wishes we had nyquil in pills instead of liquid..
Maybe a grassroots party plan is in order?
Have a glass of wine & contemplate the ways we are connected to the ancient Romans --it's Arts & Humanities Month, so celebrate!
Pretty much been with Brandyn the whole time, I got a job at Burger King but I haven;t started yet...livin the dream ahaaha.
#Bears well get there ass kicked tonight
Sorry I've been somewhat MIA. The play I'm in opens tonight. Meanwhile, I hate making computer-generated labels. Hate.
Attending the #unitedway Public Policy briefing.
Feeding our new addiction.
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
this is gonna be a funny night probably gonna lay someone out this should be good >=)
I feel weird not having my nails painted. Need to paint them
Hey, thanks! I like you guys. :)
You ARE! And GiGi's is AMAZING!!.! What city r u in? We have those in Dallas!
AFTER SIX MONTHS "Midnight in Paris" is now $55.6 US, $75.6 foreign, $131.2 global and is still playing in 38 screens as of 11/13, congrats!
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Singer Songwriter charts for Portland, ME. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
I heard the #Marlins bus broke down last night, but they planned on WALKING home anyway
Last day of high school and I'm wearing sweats lol ehh oh well (:
Just deleted a bunch of songs that were going to be on my album. Lots of work to do tomorrow.....
Watching chance of larger system (changes likely in track and type of precip) to impact Midwest by late next week; could be significant.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
I love this guy, his name is Peyton. And I love him. <21
who thinks the psp go is worth $249 when the full ps3 is $299
looking forward to your wine pairings tonight at Tutto Bene!
I will tell him hi. If I could sing like her, we'd learn their songs. Haha. Can't wait til the CD comes out
Finishing dinner at Five and Ten. I love Athens.
So, I had an interview at DSW today... it went well cause I'm the Queen of interviews!
Scott - can't wait to see you at the Gallery in the next day or two!
Also, did you know is the smallest arena transforms for their rodeos?
#Kentucky makin it look too easy
But Coraline loves you!!!
It's beautiful here!
French press is the only way to go...somehow I feel as though I'm making Juan Valdez proud!
Dartz's PR machine puts some automaker PR shops to shame.
Ah #Unlv how i did not miss you this weekend in california lol
Had a great weekend. Time to start my spring break assignments. :-)
i think you should announce #MahoneToTheUK soon?
YUS ! Canucks daily is following us ! Whoop
What's good y'all..... Guess what we got for Christmas....
Hello Raymond, thank you for the mention and as always I appreciate your support and encouragement.
Group of Cute Guys following me? I'm alright with that
Ball don't lie...! LoL
And lastly, spend time listing the stupid things I've done to avoid starting this paper.
only got 1hr of sleep
Seriously, is anyone more corny thatn Kelly Tilghman? Give it a break!
#TheBestThingAboutThanksgiving = stuffing! And having my family around my table, of course!
used once for a trip to lisbon, portugal and it was terrific. just like any of those sites check for feedback and ratings.
-smiles sweetly, showing my dimples- Hello there.
Lmfaaoo niggas in this world is funny as shit !
Percy Miracles was the best.
Worst dream everr >>>>
Thanks Bookmarked that one - now if I can figure out how to find it
There's this program that you get to help people out. We're training down town in a 5 star hotel. Oh how i love perks! lol!!!!!
And all goes silent
Thanks for the follow! I might have to post an old pic here of u & I from when u were 12. HAHA!!!
What a long day at work!!
#CentralFL, how did your family celebrate #MothersDay?
Contrary to popular belief, old school hip hop is quite therapeutic. Gracias !
Missing some Lanna Thai here|RT : Finally wrapped and packed up after a 2 day shoot. It's time for India Palace
#Madison bus was 15 min late. Still managed to get me to work only 5 min. behind schedule #nice! Hope the cyclist we hit is ok. ;)
These are the puzzles that preoccupy me.
is self deportation an option? The only one that actually says anything worth paying attention to is Ron Paul.
perfecto! See you tonight :)
haha miss you too!
Need a massage? Who doesn't? On Oct. 12, any Massage Envy is giving $10 of your treatment to to help people affected.
comeing home soon?
How did you know about my penchantmfr seersucker?
rack city bitch, rack rack city bitch
: There are friends, there is family and then there are friends that become family.
RT : are you going to come to the bullfrog on Jan 28th to perform. Yea what day
Schadenfreude (n): pleasure derived from the misfortune of others.
#AskMindless please give my girl teyera(tiera) a shout out because her BIRTHDAY is APRIL 6
Only because it's Miller Lite with Vortex (TM) technologies.
Hey, #SportingKC, if we could wake up and get into this game - that would be awesome.
Fine, let's try this thing called Twitter.
Well, this is 1967 before he was "John Barry." Also, Baraka was most well-known as a music critic/writer (& poet) before Dutchman.
OH DAMN!! - we just got confirmed to play with MSTRKRFT BIRD PETERSON on MARCH 13th @ MYST
haha no im kidding
Canada has chefs?
Whoever brings me a sweatshirt to the lib will be my new best friend
Omz! What's happenin', pappy! Thanks for the follow!
thx jeffie :) yes, finishing upright is an accomplishment today...many didn't!
Looking for some peeps to play #CoD Black Ops on #PS3 with. My PSN is Kaptiv8 - add me.
": How did Pam feel on Sunday?? She got here Derby on early!" She felt...poorly
This is great! Please let us know how your #TIB project goes. RT: My J-term class is focusing on
Q. Where is everyone reading about Sasha??
Last week to get your $23 tickets to Elitch Gardens for June 20. Enter "PINKINTHEPARK" in the promo box at elitchgardens.com
I was actually just thinking the same thing! Catch up soon.
home cooking
Love. ": A sense of concern for others gives our lives meaning; it is the root of all human happiness. - "
well i would hope
I'm hurting.  arms... Back..legs...everything. Help!!
Yes at :DD
I am listening now. LOVE it!
i will always b a #Belieber #purpleninja bcause is an amazingly talented young man. HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY JUSTIN (please RT)
People on this bus talking about how cool watching fights are. Okay cool. Grow up
that moment when Louis walked over to me and have me his drum stick...hottie
Oh! My goodness, Mathew. Am breathless; in awe. Just read your link. Exhaustive work of wonders! Thank you very much!
Lol...well are you in North Dakota?? that's my issue here =) BUT thank you so much for the invite!
You could win 2 tickets to the First Round of the #NFLDraft this Thursday! Just follow and RT this to enter!
I wanna go to tk but not really feeling it. I wish Tk could come to me...lol
Me too! I may have caught up on sleep finally... RT : Still riding the good vibes from #505Stomp!
thanks babe (:
Yeah. No excuse for it, but I feel a little less heartsick than I would've if you had answered differently. Still gross tho.
watching #Twitter change the conversational tide from everyday things to #Osama has been quite amazing -
Its a Little To Late To Say Ur Just Srry Now. U Kick Me When I Was Down. But What U Say Just Dont Hurt Me.
RT : I swear lol  You know the sex good when u start apologizing about shit you did in the past, lol.
My friend is in love and that makes me really happy.
or UNM, or the like.
Hope you had a Happy Cyber Monday! The Little Drummer Boy is a great one. Good choice!
we are all in this together, eh? Thanks for the shout out!
haha ya! How are you??
thanx Man pls check out my music wwkingbabajames.com thank u again so much.
why do u and every other theo disciple praise him for winning bosox series YEARS ago and not the disaster he created now?
How tweet it is to be loved by you! I love you too. Good Morning!
Gym time!
friend told me I should use blender to get the fiber from the juice. Says not eating that is big waste/sad :( #doyou think so?
If you don't like the ones there, vote them out. Oh yeah, to do that you have to vote. If you don't you have nothing to say.
Ruby 3600 times slower than python in threads
The next APS Holiday is coming up! Music a la Mode our music-focused day camp is a GREAT alternative to draggin' your kid to work!
yeah!! Im fine
FOR FREE BIRTHDAY PARTIES, GRADUATION PARTIES, BACHELOR & BACHELORETTE PARTIES, BOTTLE SERVICE & VIP BOOKING--> 404-610-2511
I took 9 all together lol
you're right . that is brilliant.
Congrats! Good Luck at , it's a great school!
I can't think of anything cool to ask you...
Are you from #Edmonton? Will U be there? RT Thrilled you are coming to to teach your incredible #Comedy #writing course!
start by taking acting classes. Take workshops around town. Then do a lot of research. Find out what your good at in acting.
now im drunker than a motherfucker -dances-
He said it! "The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul." - Bach
Ahh, but it's all about effective filtering - only emails that make it to your inbox are ones that you actually need to deal with.
Squirrel on Ice age>>>
If you were going to propose an item to go into the time capsule, what would it be? And why?
Hey, im a new teen youtube singer. That would b awesome if u could go check out my channel andhelp me get to Thank u
HA! awesome. I got mine from in RIchmond VA.
honestly, the ending was a slap in the face to players. If you haven't played the games you won't understand.
Sounds like a plan and would love to connect with you.
5 novels & 25 feature films coming soon....
#thatcamp Bay Area day 2 -- coffee time!
Breaking News: Osama bin Laden is dead. President Obama will address the Nation in minutes...
RT : It's not the money I'm concerned about babe, it's if we're going to be able to take care of two at once.
No matter how old i get, i still want to choke a kid when they play a game of copy me...repeating everything i say
amen to that
Oh wow! Ms. Cooper the last of the true classy broads! How can you not kiss her feet before sticking your fingers in her hair?
...at least I'm having a good hair day...
Pshh modest people
Time to unwind.
Finally in bed, sleep time.
There is one! Facebook.com/petersparty - thanks for the heads up, we'll get on the fix.
It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little - do what you can. ~Sydney Smith
: my dad got on the same shit . RT : FUBU jersey , saucony's and my wranglers .
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves Drive slow, especially on Sundays!!!
So glad as a teacher to have ONE more day of break! Good luck to my fellow educators who go back tmw!
To hear them laugh at all the stupid shit yall used to joke abt,
thats not good..
Mind sex mind dating mind marriage explosion
Howday! from Nashville
Look! and Meryl Streep had a baby together!
Likely 10,000 dead in Japan.
yo, listen. I dunno what's going on here but I'm ready to fight someone.
hahaha...did that really happen?...me and your sister had no clue what you were talking about...
And I'm kinda irritates cuz I'm tryna go to sleep and I can't cuz its right above my head
goodnight lovers. i shall see you tomorrow. 2:01 is probably a good time to go to sleep.... i wake up at 6:35... shit... im screwed.
Holy crap..
At the Silver Peak with my family! Nice little breeze.
I swear I wish it was a cure for Cancer..
Starting to see why the Ducks recruited Pryor so heavily.
I'll cut it for you!!!
Thursday Tweetcast: Sunny, lower humidity...highs in the upper 70s. Rain risk returns Sat/Sun - details on WSFA-TV from now thru 7am
One thing that I learn is to always think positive and good things will come your way
Mon.-Thurs. carry-out, dine in, delivery. XL pizza 100% Wisconsin mozzarella and your choice of 2 toppings, bread sticks and 4 sodas, $13.
I am working on a book - so I am a writer in training :)
Women want to be listened to. Pretty basic, but seemingly tall order.
Please follow me(: 28
follow: , she needs more followers (: go go go.'
What's everyone doin tonight!!?? .
I'm sure they missed it, which means they saw it? This is hard when isn't telling them what to say.
Con la bomba sexual de y
Sure :) What can i do for ya?
Well, I guess I'm not including all the impromptu overnights they seem to have. Those should count, yes?
What is your best feature phone? Samsung Intensity II? Samsung Brightside? Thanks.
Lack of ownership by a leader is a sign of a follower.
Clarissa told 'Sen to smell the laundry detergent & she fuckin' drinks it hahahaha
did you have a bad experience with your cup?
when you leave
funny thing is that we were $36B in the hole a couple of years ago...he's being way too timid
will my day be awesome or crapy
...i really hate the extra skin growing over my pinky toes nails.......makes them look uncircumcised
you dont know you're beautiful
#AAM2011 Online fever session: OK grad liked online prog cuz she could stay in FT job while earning Master's
and i wouldn't say its absolutely disqualifying, but it raises serious questions about his judgment
such a little bitch :( im sorry, you guys need to stay tonight!
Are you going to sign with the Eagles again bro?
We're good.
i dont hate on no one they all crack me up i think there what make the class lol!
I really wanted Hand Springs, too... Oh well. I did get the Foster the People exclusive. Now I just need to buy a record player.
My fallback plan is to tie pieces of string around dead grass and sell it on Etsy.
do you think I could beat Gutz with his comic book/misc comic stuff collection?
I wish everything in Lowes was free.
Hey.... Not much.. U? Yeah u got missing on me.. lol Happy Holidays 2 u & ur family~
Hello, dear Martha! Ah, I am just getting the hang of this tweeting thing myself. I miss you! It has been a long time!
Straight shooter has yet to be proven, but I believe the rest of it.
Attending Ship Tour - Carnival Dream
Yes we won
I support St. Baldricks Research hospital and Marvel comics made special shirts for us to get with the Avengers on it.
Kilwaukee, wisconsin home sweet home
realization: HS is/was scary for awkward nerds...FML
My friend made me go see Michael Jackson movie tonight. It was ok. He seemed ok/energetic. It would have been a heck of a show for sure.
It's so hard to believe. It always seemed like she was a god, an immortal. Not just her words, but her.
Buenos Dias ;) Listening to your music gets the day started off just right! Much <3 always!
I could bring one over, if you still need one!
What if HIMYM ends with this story being told to the kids before their mothers funeral?
Michelle O at the ICA : Barack had the backs of the American worker.
might be up for that. and I are going to try
Blue Vision Summit ocean policy session just concluded - funding & communications are challenges
send me your email address and we will send deals for June in Canada over
Happy bday homme. Hope u enjoy ur day and live to c many more.
Anyone do photography? needs new photos :)
Rollin on down to big G wiff
Simon & Garfunkel, Better Than Ezra, Treme Brass Band (!!!), great local artists and a lot of time in gospel tent
Joe says with utter conviction: A fronte praecipitium a tergo lupi - A precipice in front, wolves behind (between a rock and a hard place)..
And thank you to these new followers also... !!!
haha! Good point, I like how you think ;)
We're proud have the support of such great sponsors! RT is Proud to be a 2011 Platinum Sponsor at this year's !
Oh, yes. I want to see photos.
Watching the play, Three Year Swim Club with
Over here playin cards in choir right
In DFW? Head out to Cooper's BBQ @ 3pm tomorrow in the Ft. Worth Stockyards to meet us, Klingons, and more aliens for A GOOD DAY TO DINE!
interesting. I think the gunslinger analogy hold up, though.
RT : It's hard to celebrate the new employment numbers knowing that Peyton Manning is still without work.
600 miles of the roughest weather I have ever driven through...but here I are!!!
At the state of the league, Don Garber put the task of selling tickets on Nordecke. Maybe we should schedule friendlies, too.
"Why am I still single?" Brain: "You're weird." Body: "and you're fat." Face:"plus you're pretty ugly" Food: "I'm here for you babe"
sadly no.
thank you so much. :)
The hard part about being a bartender is figuring out who is drunk and who is just stupid.
I had not seen it, but I have now. Thanks for sharing the link!
:D. I can say the same about you!!
Step brothers!!! Of course.. I can never get enough of this or grown ups!!!
- I know! The baseball gods are not on our side this week. The Sounds were out of town too!
Actress Freida Pinto spent hours online researching chimpanzees to prepare for her role in Rise Of The Planet Of The Apes.
": I wish it was 1:20 I want to watch the #Brewers" hell yea! Get your brooms out.
hahaha uh I just tried to tweet back but I put 23 instead of 22...
Hancock: "The safest place to drink, even...recreationally, is in your home. She drank to excess & she made the decision to go to sleep."
I just came accross an article on what you're doing with I just wanted to say it's really inspiring!
haha absolutely! How are you?
TY for the mention! RT #Restaurant news: rebound expected for SD eateries and rest of nation in 2012.
you know you already love it!!
lol what he do now
Great parties need no significant preparation. It is all about the people attending.
Just left the recording studio, recorded a Rockin tune in English & Spanish for my upcoming PSA. So Fun!!
fick knows nothing about offense at all and doesn't have the fortitude to override bollman, who is a sham and a joke
Yeah, I'd rather have Asik as well.
I have seriously been glued to my phone al day!! I had to charge my phone three times
#DCBloggersBakeSale at is open to all till 6, and the baked goods look and taste AMAZING.
Wow!! Just heard Donna Summer died!! It breaks my heart. R.I.P. Another legend. 
#illustrators, what are your best hints for getting spot illo work? (Thanks from a newbie.)
i see you value time, 7th track in, good to know when you're having a conversation with someone.
some of these 2chainz raps y'all doin are hella good lol
Mayweather still scary to me for askin pacman for a drug test when he wanted a fight..
I know! I have never gotten a tweet from him! :( #Depressed but i still LOVE him either way! <#
Thanks for the folo. (You'll make it!)
Sometimes #Monday ain't so bad. There are good works to be done today!
Thanks for the tweet!
Manning should have picked the Titans. That way everyone wins
Ha ha ha ha! We could change it for different events!
Really? That's the best you could come up with?
Everything that use to matter, doesn't matter anywhere.
staying home sick :(
crazy!! Do h have a headache?
enjoyed our 1st visit to I look forward to returning.
Egg&Cheese sandwhich, Arizona ice tea, #LivenLifeGRAND ! (:
Forgot how shity it is to live in the suburbs carless.
I can feel muscles I didn't even know I had today. I think I might be addicted to hiking. :)
running + Snow = my brain is happier now...
she has to. Needs to. Hopefully likes to. And probably wants to!!
We've been selling our new shakes all day! Try some fresh rosemary in yours...with banana walnut chip & now can have ICE CREAM w/ your combo
Running a
#summertime in #Anchorage is gonna be a blast!!!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 94
FINALLY trolled by one of nopants girl's 50 yr old followers.. Too funny.
The New York Football Giants are so much better then your favorite football team
I can't wait till next week till we finally meet again lol It's been way too long!
Anyone know a good army supply store? I'm gonna need a gas mask if I'm expected to keep changing this boys diapers.
If you were a cartoon character, you'd be Perry the Platypus. And if you don't know what I'm talking about then I take it back.
Get ready for the weekend! Stay prepared with personal towlettes from Patrick's Sunscreen. Great on the go!
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!!! :)
Queen City brace yourself, because Size F'n Matters
marlon byrd better be able to hit a 9 run home run. #firelucchino let cherington do his job
At least you got a phone. Stop bitching about everything.
If you could meet any one person (from history or currently alive), who would it be?
Join us for our HH tonight 6-8pm! Zipsters - your 1st drink or meal is on us! Bring a friend to sign up and you'll both get $75 DC
One day I'll hug you by and say: that day finally arrived, it was worth waiting a lot for him :)
I remember guys like from school, even if they don't.
THE OPENING ON WSUPFL.COM GIVE US SOME FEED BACK
I hope buyin me a shot this Saturday lol
Happy 11-11-11 to all! FYI, it is also Corduroy Appreciation Day.
Just watched speaking out with awesome show. Can't wait for Floyd to repeat history on cinco de mayo and be victorious
So awesome to see Kevin Clash passing on knowledge and teaching the younger generation.
that was Paul Simon's "Father and Daughter"
somebody will be out of a job tonight
I wnat everyone to LIKE SENSATION GURLZ wen they post their vedio online heard it gonna be kool RT if your gonna LIKE THEM
Sleeping alone<<<<< That might be one of the only things I miss not having every night. A warm cuddle buddy :p
I'm doing good :)
nap time
yes its morning, u cant see out side ehnu. ur tweeting me behind me kekke
Hey hey, ho ho, unoriginal chants have got to go! RT : Crowd on b-way bridge, "hey hey, ho ho, Portland cuts have got to go."
About to have a good time tonight .. Destorm Album release party. Got DPG in the building and many more to come.
#Daytona 500 start time pushed back to 7 p.m. because of rain.
Im worried :(
New topic - Camera Bag for vacation
Lol Yeah Imma Wear My Levi Capris and My Vans But Idk What Shirt
#BackInElementarySchool I was such a fat, ugly ass nigga with the ugliest hair of life D:
40 Food Trucks battling for 5 awards, beer garden, live music, xl106.7, silent auction. March 31st Noon to 6pm. Oviedo Mall.
Walking to that BA building.
yeah! So I hear you're coming back next year!
totally off topic, but can anyone keep up with ? She was in #tchat before this!
It's cause he is the dumb one! with
The greatest discovery of my generation is that a human being can alter their life by altering their attitude of mind. ~ William James.
A big shout out to all my peeps, Good day ehh!!
RT : Congratulations, Jim &Team:)
Hope its all worth it in the end..
ah... no wonder I keep getting all those sheep and goat ads. cc/
bat signal = let's tap in!
couldnt agree more .. btw found out your fromm missouri.. very cool as am i originally.. keep makin great and helpful tweets ""
lol Don't get surgery you look fine.
you hush!
oh so now you forget about me fine watever! Lol... hey
Totally ready to go back to the office and continue to work on social crisis plans after #mimatweet presentation!
Great day... looking forward to tomorrow... www.youthcanlead.com
Bus packed this morning. Welcome back #uwmadison students!
me too. I loved him and Dickens taught me about real hardship at youngish age. A2: Pip from Great Expectations!
Elbert Hubbard You must have long-range goals to keep you from being frustrated by short-range failures.
Those are some long ass 2's JR is taking.
I am back in contact after a week of liminality. I look on NPR anxiously & nothing has changed. Come on America, give me something exciting!
Have u been wanting to do a colon cleanse but not sure what one to buy?? I've done this one & I works mynsp.com/cleanstart (CleanStart)
This week just does not appear to have an end.
maybe Ru is gonna trick us all, and crown Latrice. :)
- iHate When Nigguhs Show Out Wen They Get round They Friends!
Check out I wanna go By myself Aaron Davis on Facebook Check out Black cash and militant clic Thats where im at.
Who pays for email addresses? RT : need a professional email address? for as little as $79/year!
It's a mystery to me. It really is. I hate coercion in the classroom, so I don't have attendance policies. So, it's easy to do
how has he been doing?
And now, of course I feel even shittier about myself nowww... Knew I shouldn't have done that... 
Another difference is that the materials from the sets are separated and indexed as well so you can find a specific game, etc.
Graduate in June & still looking for a job? Check out the Columbus Career Fair this Wednesday, 10:30a-2p at the Aladdin Shrine Temple.
": Great live tweeting today from the amazing Tweeting AND running the #MiniMarathon!" Wow a
We had an awesome weekend here at The SCoop! Tomorrow's live show is going to be exciting!
Let's be friends on battle net <3
Go follow this amazing mahomie and belieber
I feel you
That awkward moment when people are in your parking spot in front of the store because they didn't know it was yours
Have a great weekend everyone!
miss you man
Wow, Miami Marlins logo looks horrendous. Like a logo from a cruise ship stuck in the Bermuda Triangle since 1989.
LOL I can relate! :)
Ok we're ready for you Mr. Berlin!
That New Emanuel nd Phillip Hudson Get Yo Kids Funny Az Hell. Them Crazy MF Never Lied Tho!
what's up, ! I hit up before email wise about getting my shirt in the store for my new clothing PrestigeClothing
Oh it's coming...you will LOVE Mazzaro.
send all details when u can
Is there Roger Mayweather language translation? SAP doesn't seem to do it.
RT : LOL Umm, the heels would be "sister"! DM>>>Very sorry about that, sister! I need more coffee!
twitter can be buggy!
maybe follow instead...
First Knock of the night!
Not a day goes by when I don't think if you (: <3
wow u happy
I want to go to those hot springs!!!!
this movie is gay. :o i rather watch Fred... :)
lab/husky mix. He's a weird dude.
See. You bad-talking my boo. Adam Sandler is awesome with a side of awesome sauce. S'wrong witchu? lol
or coat hook!
u wanna text
I hope is having a wonderful day
okay but Im still not convinced ur not hacked. If not, last time I'll ask, promise, but do u ever talk to KMcNichol?luvbothu
yeah binks! roll to SF soon.
New iPad available in a nice selection at Northbrook Mall Apple Store.
must confess, I bought it in October. Hehe
Awesome! All good fun.
about to head down to the Oklahoma History Center (#FF ) on this lovely, rainy morning!
And then it got BETTER- Spotify just introduced me to the R.E.M. cover of Leonard Cohen's First We Take Manhattan
going to take a shower now. Call/skype me in 30 minutes if u want!!!!!!!!!
Romney says the President doesn't understand that every business doesn't succeed.
Sorry to hear that. Too early. My Dad dies 15 years ago, and I still miss him. It gets easier, though. Stay strong.
Hey, i think I helped you at a car dealership in Scottdale AZ @ Airpark Dodge last year in service. Have you been there?
Delta keeps sending my emails with "Join e-Miles" in the subject line and I think it's an email from every time.
Thanks for visiting class today. Sometimes it's really nice to have someone other than lecturing! ;)
Bwahaha! I remember when it was Enchanted Village. : Disney World isnt going anywhere.... I mean we have Wild Waves lol
Please be very careful until then and drive very little.
Someone made a skout of you !!!!! Or is it really you or is the person just taking your pics from twitter ?!
Iphone it is! Thanks #Tweeps for all the help. You guys are the best :)
just cooked a yummy fish dinner - crusted with salt & vinegar kettle potato chips! yum!
I just looked at one #oomfs retweets just now and I realized I don't like to make eye contact when having sex
The ups and downs of a relationship....that what makes it stand the test of time....
whats so wrong with that?! Teenage men are attractive! :D
If free agents all ready didnt want to come to cleveland letter just sealed the deal
Tonight through Saturday Dave Attell is here! You do not want to miss this show. 888-64-FUNNY for tickets.
Congrats Bellevue Bulldogs, 2011 baseball champs!
I live in Orlando. What are you specifically looking for help with? I'd love to chat if it's within my area of knowledge. :)
Love is in the air!!!
love thriller, but I thought Off The Wall was a better album.
Only if you want!
haha I'm trying to
Morning twitter:-)
well, it was space, no light, no air, no BREATHING but I can see where that last might have looked like...something else.
Nada como ir a comer tacos a El Califa de Bosques con dos mujeres hermosas
Thanks for the retweet!
Exciting weekend @ #TheVic! tonight and tomorrow. Dont forget that we are the place to get the post-concert drinks.
ROCK. ON.
thanks to all of you who have been following my tweets and facebook notes. take care.
I will for sure! :)
Who u b-ballin wit??? lol
The US's maternal mortality rate is double that of the UK. We need healthcare for everyone!
I've accepted a nice long-term offer from a favorite client. They're savvy business people, have a nice niche, and laugh at my jokes....
Another day of work, another day of training a dude. Hooray.
Anyone interested in a vintage paperback copy of the Real Donny & Marie? Book is free and & shipped for free to your door in the USA.
Abraham Lincoln: "I mean to put [forward] a case no stronger than the truth will allow." from Abraham Lincoln: Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
hey! Just saw this now. I've always had great experiences here. Have you checked them out?
nothing for dinner -_- cuhs im too bored to get food
If I'm not mistaken, Sulia is paying the sportswriters to use it. Because they realized nobody else would.
told you!
#gwu this week can be stressful trying to finalize your schedule but come in and try the Cuban sandwich at
of only the didn't close at 9!
Ah shit RT : WAY too many people in line at security this morning... Just a heads up fellow #mashcon warriors
Seniors! Sign up to paint your parking spots! We need atleast 15, or the entire thing will be cancelled. Sign up tomorrow! Only $35 bucks!
Can I just say I HATE allergies!!!! ugh
CUBS WIN! What a home stand. Let's keep this going!!
And I quote "teacher's need to be more like you Mrs Frank, you know what's going on!" Thank you G Block student! My happy for the day! :)
Getting ready for ! Ready for a great 24th year!
Yeah me too.
I've got Hot Sauce Committee Pt. 2 on right now.
We can't make an artist page, so not useful RT : RT : Are any classical music/arts admin folks on Ping? What do you think?
Goodnight world..
damn is that your house?!
A skillet of bright green vegetables to tuck under fish
Just let me have you!!!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend except that guy with no friends :(
just about done freaking out . ^.^
If you need financial assistance, vehicle repair or a specific part, we are your one-stop spot! Call Melloy Dodge today at (888) 760-4136.
Lean Back....
Thank you for following. I am trying to figure a way to get my name and face noticed to pursue my dream in acting. Best wishes.
wow, but yeah fir some reason.. Not surprised
#Obsessions Tonight Mykko Montana Live! #FWM ((t
thank you
#FollowFriday The Mayweathers, in good times and bad, the 1st family of #boxing:
that translates to "I Am Score" .... actually everything malkin says in russian does
No..no..Don't call me maybe
Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her
In just minutes, will be anchoring her second to last newscast. Tomorrow, she begins a new chapter, outside of journalism
Conundrum: Go to meeting early, or listen to the rest of the Talking Heads song playing? I know what would choose.
!right ?right, carols christmas some for time it's means that .1st november it's
hello friday. i am so glad to see you even if I don't have this weekend off.
Marketing is math now - successful people are analyzing data flows
That shit. Is done.
Hello and thanks for following Wow the headline on your page fits me to a tee. Are you interviewing by chance? Best wishes always.
cos I love you? I worry about you when your like this.
thanx for the follow :)
: Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln
burned 99 calories doing 10 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
Stopped traffic on 315. Anyone know why?
well News International played a part...
Awesome! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
Started watching the very first episode of #madmen tonight. It's actually a really good show. Can't believe I didn't catch on earlier.
aw what a small world!!! Hi Dolls!!! :)
#3WordsOfAdvice Shave Your Junk
Thanks for the +K!
#NSMN panel: can #NFL superstars bringing antitrust suits get public and fan sympathy?
wanna bet!?!
Announcing a Wolf Camera Coupon for 20% Off Scrapbooking Materials Scrapbookers of the world can rejoice in an impressive Wolf Camera cou
Terrible about Junior isn't it; couldn't believe it.
Damn she gotta fat azz.... lol
Living in Louisville - I now have to hang my head as a UK fan for the first time in years... Not happy
watching MIB II over and over ti get ready for the new one.
Someone give Kobe theraflu, no west!
To all the Teachers & Families at Hamilton Elementary School.Dave & I wish you a great new year.Pop in, mention this tweet for free Scooters
Loving this weather!!  I should be getting tan instead of being in class
nice!!! Keep rockin' it
I'm starting it tonight! : Taking advantage of this long flight to DC to finally read Unbroken.
RT : this is bigger than Super Bowl 2 us...UNC TARHEELS vs DUKE DEVILS
#MeetM5 what was your first job?
:( so :P at least I'm taller than you lol
No you may not make out with my friend but yes pay for my drinks all night long
You are a ninja, but your laptop battery isn't. Take care of it to have longer last time.
: Because we're drinking your #wine. At least, we are in Laurel Canyon.
Wishing everyone a Happy and Safe St. Patrick's Day! Raise a glass to family and friends!
what you talking about pat lol
Just saw #Starships music video nd its incredible tht it was filmed inmy back yard! All the Hawaiians luv u We hope u come back!
We are who we are until the day we die
In North America were are conditioned from childhood to believe that alcohol and sugar-laden snacks. are a key part of the sports experience
Loved it, but Dare Iz a Darkside is my favorite
Feeling the excitement at the NY offices today! #PNID Good luck team PN!
Team note: RT : Atul Gawande: As individualistic as we want to be complexity requires group success. We all need to be pit crews now
Been hanging with my ex lately, and we were talking about how even though I'm sober I'm still ME. I always will be! <3
wow that's so exciting! Could you ever imagine doing something like that?
Texas is getting sloppy and we're capitalizing.
miss your face too! Weather is finally letting up in SoFlo. Get down here lady!
Nope - Rick Santorum
I can't stand major chain store associates with their upselling tactics. I'm there to buy one thing jackwagon #382review Thanks
real talk with real men. Ride smooooveee!
Please follow he always follows back.
Sleeping on sunshine
#SWMadison is an intense 54 hour weekend event. What did you give up to participate? #Sacrifice4Success cc
Building a web crawler that downloads hundreds of millions of pages over several weeks presents a number of challenges.
Thanks for the follow y'all! "LIKE" us on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/subcowboysband
lol that's what i said
Heart to Hearts on an orange bean bag chair
New and dropping today! Stay tuned!
So 2 trends are #Earthquake in DC and #Hurricane Irene . Yep It's the end of the world soon. Smh.
Fred Knapp Trio:Friday Jazz at Enso 4/8
Just went cone-ing! AMAZING! -Alana
Giffords' husband decides to fly space-shuttle mission
what could be more more important
cough I need a cold shower
If I had to Chose between Breathing and loving u {Princeton} I would use my last Breathe to say I LOVE YOU PRINCE! ILY
looking good Michelle
pls mention me thanks
GOT TWINS TWINS TWINS EXPERIENCE? Call me! 610-999-9106 Lynn
Testicular envy rears its ugly head.
Transformation literally means going beyond your form. - Wayne Dyer
Totally just won a contested lien strip with a very adversarial creditor. PLEASED WITH SELF.
I wanna see night two, of course.
believe its 28, will double check
They won!!! Woot! Woot! Now that Dallas took the win. The Ravens will take the win too RT : lol thanks jess!
I think if husby is playing his iPad's "Atomic Farts" app, it's a sign I should turn off Smash.
Both. Then again, my high school was overseas so it's always something I mention.
RT : We have lots of eggs to give out but need dozen-size egg cartons. Pls donate gently used cartons to
Work then going to the ready set concert with shellby =)
Are you kidding me? They're saying she didn't do good this time. She slayed that. She's so original.
follow me please?
I have so much no one loved only the sea and you)))))
Social Media 101 - Watch the 4 minute video by Socialnomics and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
Follow for great Twitter advice.
Don't ever underestimate Carl DeMaio. He'd have the game masters in the tank.
Sure You Follow &
#CelebrityApprentice ... This is gonna be a good season!
you're at dade??
no, the guy i told you.
Reason I Dont Have Any Tattoos Is So I Dont Have Any Identifying Marks Except For The Freckles On My Left Arm That Spell Out Steve.
Kevin McCallister is constantly talking to himself, kinda strange
Happy birthday!!!
Are you going to be at SxSW?
Don't like having Brad Bergeson on the major league roster. But hard to send down a player who gets paid in bits of tin foil and sea shells.
Chocolate (with a hint of vanilla ;-)
Thanks for #Raging with me!
i love the classic movies, the cheesy quotes, the classic books, all them that have old sayings
oh. I would forgive you but your mean:'(<\3
ROGER GUENVEUR SMITH-IN HONOR OF JEAN-MICHEL BASQUIAT with an intimate solo performance on what would have been the artist's 50th birthday
Our composer and our sound editor are moving right along, targeting the beginning of August for finishing! Can't wait!
time to grove with a new world, a new breath a new change
i dont even use binders anymore. I just throw my papers in my backpack
Is it weird that everytime I read The Hunger games I picture myself as Katniss and as Peeta? Lol I bet who won't even see this
Tonight's Foreign Film is "Wild Strawberries" (Sweden, 1957. Directed by Ingmar Bergman) 7:30pm
OMFG IM FEEL SO BAD
Wouldn't that be supremely fantastic! RT : Harry Potter time-turner device? Cloning?
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I still don't totally get twitter. Like should I b tweeting anytime I eat something? & where I am? & tk a picture?
I miss my daddy
Happy Mother's Day to all you mom's out there :-)
You better be driving to work now. Lol.
We think yes!!
sounds good! Let me know if you have any questions and I will see you Friday!!
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
#ff for being a swell writer and Tweeter
First Cubs Game Today :D
it's Halloween! Isn't there some sort of large office party involving intricate costume contest?
The more and more I hear about how poorly lindy ruff manages players, I am even more convinced he must be fired.
forreal in my bio it says now all I need is Alex and to follow but idk if I can change my bio
I'm NOT flirting!! its called BEING NICE!
My parents live in Neenah. I got to see the #Miron headquarters get built.
Recommend training now C is strong, the health & fitness champ of our family. Should have seen her face when I told her=)
How appropriate!!
Shucks, I'm going to go 'no' on that one.
they must really like your hair lol :D
Im on some more shit . Fuqq a niqqa money make me cum !
haha! U r 's bro - that's awesome! :-) No wonder ur tweets r so funny! Being witty must b n yalls blood :-)
FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK YOU ALL FUCK U ALL
Tweet me a picture and a number and I'll tell you at celebrity you would look good with(:
That's kinda what you said though. lol
Get on it! RT : How about giving the beautiful & talented her own show for her birthday?
Nothing's weirder than getting into an elevator with Leonardo DiCaprio. I should tell him, "I'm the Kin of the world."
"I used to have those then my mom got a job haha"...."what u used to have these 120$ shoes? " what kind of price of shit job did ur mom get?
Believe in yourself and God will take care of the rest.
Truth. RT : Sure looks like a catch, a fumble and a touchdown for Brian Rolle. First big play in a long time by an Eagles LB.
Very productive week. I love how we don't go too over the top on special holidays. If you enjoyed RC3 on Easter, you'll love it every week
And my gmail seems to be working again
it was nice to meet you and discuss the site. Have a great night.
Did you just shout that wish to me or act it out? Either way, THANKS! ;)
Barry Manilow rocked Columbus last night! What a beautiful voice and fun show. The consummate entertainer!
Facebook passes Google as top site in Brazil, for now
so are 99 year old great grandma's ! Not as sexy but definitely kewl !
At work. Tired of snow..Holla
Put God first and you'll never be last.
And finally @ 6:48 loco #125 pulled last OB trip of the hour.
We're doing our V-Day Omakase Menu all weekend. Can't find the spot you want for Monday, try Friday or Sunday.
Paying an in house artist $15-$20/hr for 8 hours a day?? That's fine if they're busy 8hrs a day 40hrs a week....
thank you and sorry for delay.
Thanks for the RT. Good luck with them Finals, if u still have some left. Keep us posted and check us out some time.
. thank you for your support. If you have any friends who haven't yet voted, now's the time to get them out!
Wow mini heart attack.
come over and do insanity with me
Come in. Get lost.
I wanna be the only one, for miles and miles, except for maybe you and your simple smile. (;
Looking for someone who'd like to write a post or two about the joys of monogamous sex and keepin the fire burnin. Contact me :)
We aim above the mark to hit the mark. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
BEING THE WAY THAT YOU ARE IS ENOUGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I need to start packing cuz Lord knows Im ready to be OUT
like a real turkey?
: lol are you watching the #Snoozebowl Mainly commercials! Loved Madonna!!!
Awesome! Kermit! I should have stopped to say hello haha :)
It's quite fantastic. Though I love making plans with friends & family for post-workouts!
RT : I have the BaubleBar necklace I saw on your blog :) // I want it so badly!
OR better yet he can join us and we can show him how to party!!!
your the worst
Update: I'm not dead but still hating life. Hey guys sup
congrats on finally making the tourney again. real cute program you have going there.
I like to use the heat vents in my car for drying my hair and clothes.
i love the detailed instructions about how to tag newly added music in itunes radio. for example, the "WTF" tag...
#UCDavis students *allowed* police & chancellor to leave. Students knew their power, used it humanely. Police, admin could learn from that.
First "real" interviews today
Twitter has been my saving grace. Positive culture w intrinsically motivated educators. Best PD I've had.
Cat: Meow  Me: Meow? Cat: Meow meow  Me: Oh my lord, I speak cat.
And drinking to excess with and
We get it its friday !
so I'm like thts a while to wait and he said love waits(;
I know. This is hard to believe, but I'm w/o Internet again. Time Warner Cable: setting the bar for worst uptime in the universe.
Any artist that can make uFeel LOVE, HAPPINESS, HATE, SORROW & PAIN is a great artist. PERIOD
Can it be time for #CFBlockParty yet?!
goodnight . ; pneumafest and emily's tomorrow , then she's comin' over saturday ! ; textt ?
Gotta Get Up Bright And Early For The A.M. Jog. fml lmao
Hurry, Buy one tour and bring your best friend for free! Tours start at $495 (300) for two people! Offer ends March 25th.
that's boring! Yhu should want to compete! Do that another year! Competing is where it happens at!
Hey everyone, make sure you hook up with this winter. Mikey B is the man and has the best Denim pants on the planet.
Yahoo! Welcome to the world of back channel communication!
: is founded on open, public and unfiltered...that's why it's so authentic #LINC definitely key to their success.
Leaving school to go to the dentist!
if you havent it means youre going soft
I remember your dad and that wonderful story you did about him! He is an awesome guy.
It was a very fun evening for a great cause and I'm honored to be part of it. The guys were a hoot and it was amazing.
also M.j. in CAPTAIN E.O. and THE WIZ
Done with physics forever! 
Marley doc = dopenes. Amazing footage. His daughter came across mad bitter tho. Threw me off.
Yeah Sourcical.com is a great spot for single color Tyvek wristbands but we also have biohazard labels. Sourcical.com/biohazard-labels
Oh hello new followers! Shoot us a tweet, let's chat!
The Avengers once again, that's right I'm watching it again.....cause afford to ya bum.....lmao
How often do you want to gig?
Laugh & the world laughs with you, weep & you weep alone.
I hope to have those French guys on my 'cast next week! Will you be? Please?
watching The Notebook (: How about youu?
my bf is the in contact with your people so I don't know. I'm the one who has been watching a broken $3000 Samsung tv for months
I'm obsessed with you baby.
Who wants to go to the Dodgers games tonight?
no rice in this bachelor pad. any other suggestions?
#itsabeautifulworldbecause i just bought 5 pieces of jewelry at Loft Outlet for $8.78. Yeah, that's right. You should be jealous.
Love the new photo and landing page. Thx for inspiring. And thanks for the tip on the antispec.com project- I added my support.
So I'm over hide and seek!!
defenitly *spell check*. pizza is awesome. nuff said
Sure! Sounds like fun!
I saw you again in 's blog! You are really getting around. Congrats!
(: RT : So totally stoked for my fourth season of !!!!!!!!!!!!! We will of course dominate the league again.
my dad just admitted to me that he used to come into my room in the middle of the night and get my secrets out of me because i sleep talk..
That does it for the main stage! Our awesome DJs are going til 2. Thanks for all the support you guys! We had a blast and hope you did too.
lost ya dam mind lol. Fall back sir I don't want you
hands down is vanilla ice.
Goodnight, East Coast. I love you best. <3
Thanks to everyone for checking out MMJ daily deals. We've been the biggest seller by more than double! Feels good to feel loved!
I'll admit your attention to detail is impressive...
Life is good!
What Threadbird "Deal" are you dying for us to offer?
what's a lawn?
I disagree w employers req access to #facebook, educators should use discretion in either their postings or friends list...
When I'm txting someone and someone else takes their and txts me instead and I have to reply and be nice<<
"Sorry I can't hear you. I'm def" *everyone runs away.* yeah that's the story of my life.
OUTSTANDING episode of #smash tonight!
New Music comin next week! I make
Seriously Boston...eff the wind
I am so sad about Maurice Sendak. The world is a little dimmer today.
LMFAO is the worst thing to ever happen to music.
#smbmad GF taste test added to my calendar. Maybe I will #bike down to beable to eat food as well guilt free. #biketowork month
School Bullying> a #Safety issue for #kids, teens, families & society
I guess you will never notice me or follow me no matter. how much I wish you would but maybe tonight
please RT Thx! this Friday beginning at 5pm in !
Re: Win a Vespa!.. from a Home Wind Turbine Company
Pretty sure that for , riding that Yamaha is like doing a big girl, it gets the job done when ur by yourself...
Abdu'l-Bah is visiting the gravesite of Corinne Trues son Davis.
I'm a long way from where I wanna be<\3
I want you to become the president of the gay community.
thanks! My porch is my tiny space of summer heaven.
I know ^_^
Yes, you heard me. If you're not there, we'll drink your share.... That wasn't intended to rhyme, Chelsa...
PLZ WATCH PUNK'D 2NITE! Watch it because my husband is being punk'd. Well, the person who plays him... BUT HE'S STILL MY JOSHY!!
Jamaals a liar.
Heart this little piece of inspiration!
My dad's going to be so surprised when he opens his birthday present! 
10 Epic YouTube Videos That Will Get You Pumped for Skyrim
Amazing Faces (which he compiled) is another fabulous poetry resource
fucking nuts. I don't understand why FL's religious right is against Charlie. Charlie is great and I support him. Tell pinhead's crowd
Spent this week reading a 600 page book. 4 main characters: 1 kills self, 1 castrated, 1 has legs amputated, 1 goes blind. Saddest book ever
LUCKY! No more braces for you.(: too bad im still a braceface. .-.
The Easter bunny got me chocolate cheddar popcorn from Disney World. I am a #happygirl :)
what's league av of babip on fly balls?
agreed. Keep tebow, let him sit a few years and learn from an all time great.
Wtf, why are all these porn stars following me?
We have a full time temp office clerical opening at M&M Office Interiors from 4/6-6/20(ish) for $10/hr. Let me know if you know of anyone.
#FF Runners with words of encouragement
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
had one of those. Student didn't realize I can see what materials or what they haven't viewed online. How to get their attention?
I feel like crying.
sure, where are you?
Just want to test something...
DynosaurCreative is too many characters for Twitter . . . got any suggestions?
Now that I have you, I don't need anything else.
From then on, when I was going somewhere, I was RUNNANG!
Wow just to put it in perspective only 2 of the 11 Colts offensive players are returning from the 2011 season Linkenbach and Wayne
Use specifics when writing marketing copy. It makes you claims more credible and your message more believable.
HA I was wrong I thought it would be LIRR they are notorious!
that's so scary!!!!!
Haha glad you enjoyed it. Can we get retweet?
Conf. call with Knowledge Community Reps. What an amazing group of professionals! Everyone should join a NASPA KC!
Yeah, I know I have no chance at meeting him. Ha. I just want to know why they made a wedding for a couple all about her.
Pop music is garbage.
